The Apart Hotel Praia do Pero (Aparthotel), Cabo Frio Brazil offers 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room. Amenities 6.4 Search Cleanliness Waterfront 7.1 Apartment is located on Avenida dos Namorados, 1 - Peró, CaboFrio, CEP 28924-000, Brazil - Luxury location | Map Book now Value for money 7.5 <p><b>Excellent location - rated 9.4 out of 10 by guests! <small>(average score <b>316</b> based on evaluation) We will enter the price competition </small></p> Location 9. 4 Low score Cabo frio Pleasant 6.8 316 reviews Top beach nearby 9.1 See on map
34 more photos of Hotel Praia do Pero.
Apart Hotel Praia do Pero provides a sauna and free private parking, and is within a few steps of Pero Beach and 2.7 km of Conchas Beach. It is located 4 km from Japanese Island and offers a shared kitchen. Guests at the aparthotel will be able to enjoy activities in and around Cabo Frio, like hiking. All of the air-conditioned units feature a private bathroom, TV, fully equipped kitchenette and patio. Free private parking on site include a wardrobe. It was rated 9.3 points for two-person trips. The nearest Added to list 5504 airport is CaboFrio International Airport, 12 km from the accommodation. The distances in the accommodation description are calculated with the help of OpenStreetMap© More The most popular services free parking by the waterside air conditioning Vacancies We accept the price competition Select dates to see the vacancies and prices at this accommodation. Check-in — Check-out date.
The Booking. .com gives this property a quality rating of 3/5, based on factors such as amenities, size, location and services offered. 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search accommodation type Number of guests Family suite × 6 See the prices. bedroom: 2 single beds and 1 double bed Living room: 1 sofa bed Suite × 4 See prices 1double bed and 2 sofa beds. Guest reviews See availability 6.8 Pleasant · 316 reviews See all reviews Categories: Staff 7.8 Equipment 6.4 Cleanliness 7.1 Comfort 6.5 Value for money 7.5 Location 9.4 Low score Cabo Frio Select topic: Location Noise Bathroom Shower Loud
Children of any age are welcome at Apart Hotel Praia do Pero. No extra beds or cots can be requested at this accommodation. Pets can be accommodated upon special request. It is not possible to pay in cash. The accommodation is run by a professional caterer. This label is not relevant for taxes, including VAT and other "indirect taxes", but is necessary due to the consumer protection law in force in the EU. The most common payment methods are: A (z), B (z) and C (z). The accommodation also accepts special requests - write yours in the next step! Let the accommodation know in advance what time you expect to arrive. The entire accommodation unit is accessible Toilet (wheelchair) Invoice available Shower Entire accommodation unit on the ground floor Other Media/technology Outdoor units air conditioning TV by the waterfront Languages ​​spoken Outdoor seating area English Wellness sauna See available places for more information about the accommodation in Cabo Frio, Portugal, at aparthotelpraia.com/cabo-frio/cabo- Frio-Perto-Pero-Hotel/Cabo-Pura-Para-Pudo-Paro/CaboFrio/Caba-Praia-Pau-Pare-Puro-Pato.
How many bedrooms does Apart Hotel Praia do Pero have? What are the check-in and check-out times at Apart Hotel Praia Do Pero? How many guests can the hotel accommodate? The best of Cabo Frio.
