The Apart Hotel Praia do Pero (Aparthotel), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Staff 7.8 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Overview Info and prices Facilities Rules Customer comments (316) Facilities 6.4 Search Cleaning First line of beach 7.1 Apart Hotel Praia Do Pero Comfort 6.5 Avenida dos Namorados, 1 - Peró, Cabo Frio, CEP 28924-000, Brazil – Excellent location - show map Book now Value for money 7.5 <p>Location <b>excellent</b>! It has a 9.4/10. location. We match the price our customers pay after staying at the Apart Hotel.
34 more photos of Hotel Praia do Pero.
Apart Hotel Praia do Pero provides a sauna and free private parking, and is within a few steps of Pero Beach and 2.7 km of Conchas Beach. It is located 4 km from Japanese Island and offers a shared kitchen. All of the air-conditioned units feature a private bathroom, TV, fully equipped kitchenette and patio. Couples especially liked the location - they gave it a 9.3 for 2-person trips. The nearest It has been saved to 5504 lists airport is Cabo Frio International Airport, 12 km from the accommodation. The distance in the description of the accommodation is calculated with OpenStreetMap© More info We match the price. Select the dates to see the availability and prices of this accommodation. 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Type of accommodation Number of people Family Suite × 6 Show prices Bedroom: 2 single beds and 1 double bed Living room: 1 sofa bed and 1 living room.
Booking.com rated the quality of this accommodation 3 (out of 5) based on various criteria, such as the facilities, size, location and services it offers. Take a look at customer questions to learn more about the accommodation. When is the best time to visit your property for the Bom dia, o apartamento fica no térreo? perfect beach holiday? sim correto any time is great. Answered on August 6, 2021. Show availability 6.8 Pleasant · 316 comments Read all comments Categories: Staff 7.8 Facilities 6.4 Cleanliness 7.1 Comfort 6.5 Value for money 7.5 Location 9.4 Low score for Cabo Frio.
Apart Hotel Praia do Pero accepts special requests, which you can write in the next step. There is no minimum age to check-in No age restriction No cash accepted Payment methods accepted Free! The accommodation accepts animals on request. This accommodation is managed by a professional host. This label has no fiscal relevance, neither in terms of VAT nor other "indirect taxes", but is required by EU consumer law. The accommodation does not have internet. Parking Audio-visual and technological equipment Wellness There is free private parking at the accommodation. TV Sauna does not need to make a reservation. Room equipment Food and drinks Internet Sofa bed Minibar The accommodationdoes not haveinternet. Tiled/marble floor Tea/coffee maker Kitchen Private entrance Activities Fan Shared kitchen Beach Kitchenware Pets Hiking Microwaves The accommodationaccepts pets on request, no American kitchen/kitchen area incurs any supplement. Cots and extra beds policy There are no cots or extra beds in this accommodation. All accommodation is wheelchair accessible. Toilet Air conditioning Shower Front line beach Languages ​​spoken Patio English Show availability Rules Apart Hotel Praiado Pero is located in the centre of the city of Porto Alegre.
How far is Apart Hotel Praia do Pero from the center of Cabo Frio? How much does it cost to stay at the hotel? How many rooms are there at Apart Hotel Praia Do Pero? Click here to see more accommodations near popular attractions in Cabo Frio.
