Cabo Frio Barato is a hotel in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The hotel has a 1-bedroom apartment. There are no reservations for this hotel at this time. No review score yet... We need at least 1 review before we can calculate a review score. If you book and review your stay, you can help us meet this goal. Click here to see nearby hotels CaboFrio. Barato 16 Rua Samuel Bessa Bloco 6 apartamento 302, Cabo frio, CEP 28922-136, Brazil – Show map After booking, all of the property’s details, including telephone and address, are provided in your booking confirmation.
Cabo Frio Barato is located in Cabo Frio, 2.6 miles from Water Square, 3.1 miles from Municipal Estadium Alair, and 3.2 miles from Japanese Island. The apartment includes 2 bedrooms and a living room with a flat-screen TV. The property is equipped with a kitchen. With free private parking, the property is 2.3 miles from the Municipal Theater and 2. 3 miles from Surf Museum. Free Private Parking Available On Site. Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Parking on site. CaboFrioBarato is available to reserve on a first-come, first-served basis.
Cabo Frio Barato takes special requests – add in the next step! From 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM Check-in You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance. Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to apartment type. Child policies Children & Beds Children of all ages are welcome. Free parking Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Parking Bathroom Room Amenities Free private parking is available on site (reservation) Toilet paper Socket near the bed is not needed. Drying rack for clothing Internet Clothes rack Streaming service (like Netflix) Tile/Marble floor No internet access available. Flat-screen TV Iron Kitchen Cable channels Satellite channels Miscellaneous Dining table Family rooms Cleaning products Non- smoking rooms Toaster Kitchenware Languages Spoken Kitchen Portuguese Microwave / House rules
Booking.com takes your payment for this stay on behalf of the property. No cribs or extra beds are available. There's no age requirement for check-in. Pets are not allowed at this hotel. To see correct prices and occupancy info, add the number and ages of children in your group to your search.
