Cabo Frio - Braga - Kitnets - Aluguel Econômico (Apartment) (Brazil) Deals “Good, I liked the accommodation The room where I stayed but my husband was super clean. Comfortable great 2e shoesdauçlots a· 0m cohçiald qreune ·f a1z r ao olimpeza omg super attentive explained to us how to get to places like sOupveerrmvieerwcados bakery...” Amenities House rules The fine print Guest reviews (163) Search Show translation Jaqueline Brazil “Everything is very clean, everything is perfect, it's close to everything, I really liked it, I'll definitely come back” Show translation Top-rated beach nearby 8.6 Vera Brazil ‘Very honest for the value and location, very close to the beaches and the gastronomic hub’ We Price Match Show translation Andreza Brazil Good 7.8 163 reviews “Great location,. very tidy, spacious Net kit and very quiet place” “Very good bathroom, everything very clean,. very good area behind, well organized accommodation” After booking, all of the property’s details, including telephone and address, are provided in your booking confirmation and your account. “The only thing that was annoying was the other guests making a lot of noise late at night and early in the morning”
Cabo Frio - Braga - Kitnets - Aluguel Econômico enjoys a location in Cabo Frio, 1.5 miles from Praia do Forte and Top Location: Highly rated by recent guests (8.3) 1.7 miles from Municipal Theater. Free Wifi is available throughout the property and private parking is available on Private Parking Available On Site site. Guests can access the apartment via private entrance. Reserve now to save at this property, Property highlights all you have to do is sign in.
The accommodation comes with a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, a TV, and a private bathroom with a shower. Popular points of interest near the apartment include Foguete Beach, Dunes Park, and Municipal Estadium Alair. Guests say the description and photos for this property are Econômico. very accurate. Couples in particular like the location – they rated it 8.4 for a two-person trip. Most popular amenities Private Parking Free Wifi Non-smoking rooms Sign in, save money You could save 10% or more at this property when you sign in Sign in Create an account Availability We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices Check-in Date — Check-out Date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Accommodation Type Number of guests One-Bedroom Apartment × 6 Show prices 1 full bed and2 bunk beds One- bed and4 bunk beds Family Studio × 6 show prices 1Full bed and 2 bunk beds. One-bedroom apartment with 1 bunk bed and 1 private bathroom shows prices between $1,000 and $2,000.
Cabo Frio - Braga - Kitnets - Aluguel Econômico is located between Braga and Kitnets. The property is located in the municipality of Kitnets, in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. Family Studio is available with 1 full bed and 2 bunk beds. The hotel has 163 reviews on its website, with an average rating of 7.8 out of 10. For more information, visit www.cabofrio.com.br or call 1-800-622-7157. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details. In the U.S. call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline on 1- 800-273-8255. For the latest on Cabo Frio, visit http://www.samaritans.org/cabo-frio.
Cabo Frio - Braga - Kitnets - Aluguel Econômico takes special requests – add in the next step! Private parking is available on site (reservation is not Kitchenware TV possible) and costs R$ 35 per day. Cribs and extra beds aren't available at this property. There's no age requirement for check-in No age restriction Smoking is not allowed. Parties/events are not allowed Parties Guests need to be quiet between 9:00 PM and 10:00pm. Pets are notallowed. The ne print See availability for Cabo Frio Braga - Kitnets - Aluguel EconôMico. The Internet is available in all areas and is free of charge. Wifi is also available in the kitchen, living room and dining areas. The property does not accommodate bachelor(ette) or similar parties. It is a smoke-free property and has no smoking rooms. The property does not accommodate bachelors or similar parties. It is a Smoke-free Property and has no smoking rooms. It has no extra beds or cribs or couples in the apartments on site and no extra beds are available at this property. You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance.
Cabo Frio - Braga - Kitnets - Aluguel Econômico is one of the most picturesque areas of the Portuguese city of Braga. Cabo Frio is located in the north of the city and is known for its beaches.
