Caiçara Flats (Condo Hotel), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Deals “The apartment is well equipped and the Internet works” 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Show traOnsvlaetrivoniew Info & prices Amenities House rules The fine print Guest reviews (621) Fátima Brazil Diego Italy Top-rated beach nearby 8.9 “Excellent room, everything clean and well organized. I will come back more often.” SRhuoaw Itnragnlsalatetirorna, 120, CaboFrio, CEP 28910-360, Brazil – Great location - show map Book After boA ol ke ix na gn ,d aer ll of tBhrea zpilroperty's details, including telephone and address, are provided in your booking confirmation and your account. We Price Match “Wonderful shower, huge room,. everything new, super spacious. Equipped kitchen, even had products for a cup of coffee. Well located, attentive staff” Very Good 8.3 621 reviews Show translation “Beautiful room,Everything is new and very clean. The bathroom is exceptional”
+31 photos Caiçara Flats Reserve
Caiçara Flats features rooms in Cabo Frio near Municipal Estadium Alair Correia and Dunes Park. The accommodation offers a shuttle service, Top Location: Highly rated by recent guests (8.4) while a bicycle rental service is also available. Both free Wifi and parking on-site are available at the condo hotel free of charge. All units feature air conditioning and a cable flat-screen TV. Each room comes with a dressing room with a mirror and storage space. For those times when you'd rather not eat out, you can have groceries delivered and cook in your kitchenette. Sightseeing tours are available around the property. Guests say the description and photos for this property are Praia do Forte is 1.5 miles from the accommodation. The nearest airport is CaboFrio International Airport, 3.1 miles away. The property's location is calculated using © OpenStreetMap. It is located 1.3 miles away from the Municipal Theater, and 1.4 miles from PraiaDoForte. The location of the airport is accurate.
This property told us they've implemented certain practices across some or all of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases, destination Learn more and community, and nature. See what guests loved the most: Fátima Alexander Debora Brazil Brazil Brazil “O apartamento é bem equipado e a Internet funciona” “Localização, atendimento e instalações muito boas’ “Chuveiro maravilhoso, quar espaçoso. Cozinha equipada” Read more Read more cafezinho.com. Brazil Brazil 621 reviews Read all reviews Categories: Staff 9.2 Facilities 8.3 Cleanliness 8.1 Comfort 8.2 Value for money 8.6 Location 8.4 Free Wifi 7.2 Select topics to read reviews: Bed Room Parking WiFi Location See what hotel guests loved to stay at.
Free parking Free Wifi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Room service Air conditioning Parking Room Amenities Transportation Free public parking is available on site (reservation is required) Bike tours Additional charge Smoke-free property Toilet paper Bar crawls Additional charge Family rooms Towels Beach Snorkeling Additional charge Off-site Bathtub or shower Safety & security Toilet Diving Additional charge off-site Fire extinguishers Shower Hiking Additional chargeoff-site Security alarm Media & Technology Building Characteristics Key access Flat-screen TV Detached Languages Spoken Cable channels English TV Spanish Portuguese / See availability House rules Caiçara Flats takes special requests – add in the next step! From 3:00 PM to 11:30 PM Check-in/out is available from 3-00pm-11:30pm. From 3-0pm to 11-30pm check-in is also available.
From 7:00 AM to 12:00 PM Check-out Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. Guests are required to show a photo ID and credit card at check-in You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance. Children 5 and above will be charged as adults at this property. There are no cribs available at Caiçara Flats. All extra beds are subject to availability. Smoking is not allowed. Pets are not allowed in any of the rooms at the property. Some rooms are accessible by stairs only. The property will contact you after you book to provide instructions. Payment before arrival by bank transfer is required. There's no age requirement for check- in No age restriction. Cash Accepted payment methods. The ne print See availability. See availability for more info. The Best of Cabo Frio is a weekly travel guide to the best hotels and resorts in the region. The guide is written by the award-winning author of the book CaboFrio: The Ultimate Guide to the Costa Rican Riviera, published by Taschen Books. The book is out now and is available on Amazon.com, with prices starting at $9.99 per night for a two-night stay. For more information on the bookings, visit www.taschenbooks.com.
properties near popular landmarks in Cabo Frio. Click here
