Casa Braga Cabo Frio (Vacation Home) (Brazil) Deals 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Vacation Home Info & Overview Amenities House rules The fine print No reviews yet Price Search Casa Braga CEP 28908-235, Brazil – Show map After booking, all of the property’s details, including telephone and address, are provided in your booking confirmation and your account. We Price Match No review score yet... We need at least 1 review before we can calculate a review score. If you book and review your stay, you can help us meet this goal.
Casa Braga Cabo Frio Reserve now open to the public. Free parking on site.
Casa Braga Cabo Frio is a 12-minute walk from Dunes Park and one mile Free Private Parking Available On Site from Municipal Estadium Alair Correia. With free private parking, the property is a 11-minute walked from Foguete Reserve Beach and 1.6 miles from Praia do Forte. Most popular amenities Free parking Parking Internet Languages Spoken Free private parking is available on site (reservation No internet access available). Pets Pets are allowed. No extra charges. We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices. 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Accommodation Type Number of guests Two-Bedroom House × 8 Show prices Bedroom 1:1 full bed Bedroom 2:3 twin beds and 1 full bed Living room:1 sofa bed Property questions and answers Ask a question Send a question to the property to find out more. The nearest airport Saved to 17 lists is CaboFrio International Airport.
Casa Braga Cabo Frio takes special requests – add in the next step! From 3:00 PM Check-in You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance. The minimum age for check-in is 18 Age restriction Parties/events are not allowed Parties Free! Pets are allowed. No extra charges. See availability House rules Casa Braga. Cabo. Frio is located near the center of CaboFrio. It is located on the outskirts of the city, about 20 miles from the city center. The property is owned by the same family that owns the Biltmore Hotel. It has a reputation for being a great value for money, especially for first-time guests. It offers a variety of rooms and suites, including a two-bedroom villa with its own private swimming pool. There is no capacity for cribs at this property. This property doesn't offer extra beds. It does not accommodate bachelor(ette) or similar parties. The ne print See availability.
