Casa Azul - Linda casa Familiar com Piscina no Peró em Cabo Frio (Holiday home) reviews (7) Comfort 8.2 Very good 8.3 7 reviews Value for money 7.1 Location 7.9 Low score CaboFrio Top beach nearby 8.9 Show on the map 8.6 Make a reservation in this holiday home. After booking, you can view the contact details of the accommodation - including the phone number and address - on the online confirmation page. We accept the price competition sent by e-mail, and in your account. For more information about the holiday home, visit www.króelresés.com/casa-azul-cabo-frio-beach-hotel-cabo- Frio-Rio-de Janeiro-Cabo-Frio-Beach-Hotel-Casa-Azul-Linda-Casa-Familiar.
Casa Azul - Linda casa Familiar com Piscina no Peró is located in Cabo Frio's best-rated neighborhood. The spacious holiday home is equipped with 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a fully equipped kitchen, and a balcony with pool views. For added privacy, the accommodation has a private entrance and is protected by full-day security. Guests at the holiday home will be able to enjoy activities in and around CaboFrio, like walking tours. You can save at least 10% at this accommodation after signing in Sign in Create an account Vacancies We are entering the price competition Select dates to see availability and prices at this accommodations. Search accommodation type Number of guests Two-bedroom house × 4 See the prices 1 single bed and 2 double beds Accommodation practices For more information on this accommodation, or to book a room, please visit the accommodation website at: http://www.casaazul-linda-casa-familiar-com-piscina-no-peró-em-cabo-frio.com/. For more details on the accommodation at the same location, visit the accommodation site.
Casa Azul - Linda casa Familiar com Piscina no Peró em Cabo Frio is one of the most popular hotels in the city. The accommodation quality rating is 4/5, based on factors such as equipment, size, location and services offered. The most popular services are outdoor pool family rooms barbecue facilities and non-smoking rooms air conditioning. Parking is not available. Internet connection is notavailable. Value for money 7.1 Location 7.9 Low score CaboFrio See what guests loved the most: Kelly Brazil "Tudo limpo e muito confortable , boas camas , piscina limpa , utensílios domesticos éssentialis todos disponibles"
Casa Azul - Linda casa Familiar com Piscina no Peró em Cabo Frio Special Requests also accepts - write yours in the next step! Between 14:00 and 19:00 Check-in Let the accommodation know in advance what time you expect to arrive. It is forbidden to hold parties and events. Pets can be accommodated upon special request. Their accommodation may incur extra costs. The checking-in guest must not be younger than 18 years of age Age limit applies Booking.com collects the price of the reservation from you on behalf of the accommodation provider, but make sure you have enough cash to pay for any special services you may use. No extra beds or cots can be requested at this accommodation. There is a 24-hour security guard on duty in the living room Balcony and dining room. The outdoor pool is free! Sofa Languages ​​Spoken Opening Hours Seating Area Portuguese Open Year Round Media/Technology All Ages Flat Screen TV Shallow Section Cable TV Sunbeds or Chairs TV Parasols See Availability Important Information. Enter when you will be staying, then check the cancellation / conditions for the selected room. Advance payment and cancellation conditions vary by accommodation type. Check-out advance payment and Cancellation Conditions vary by room. Check out advance payment conditions for Casa Azul at the bottom of the page for details on how to book your room.
Casa Azul - Linda casa Familiar com Piscina no Peró em Cabo Frio does not allow stag or hen parties. The accommodation is managed by an individual host. It is possible that the EU consumer protection law for professional caterers does not apply here. Click here to see more accommodations near popular attractions in CaboFrio. Learn more about the accommodation options available at Casa Azul-Linda casafamiliar.com. For more information, visit the hotel's official website or click here for more information about the accommodations available at Casa Azul - Linda Casa Familiar com Piscinó em Cabo Frio. The most common accommodation options for families in the city are available in the "Notes and special requests" section of the hotel confirmation. See also the "Small print section" for details on how to book a room at the hotel and how to check-in and check-out. The hotel is located near the center of the city, but is not too far away from the city's main attractions, such as the beach, the city center and the city centre. It also has its own private pool, which is available for guests to use when they are not staying there for more than a few nights. The hotel is located in a quiet residential area, away from most of the town's main streets.
