Casa DE PRAIA CABO FRIO (Vacation Home), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Deals “A hostess and very polite, prompt and always available. The house has all the utensils for your stay. The pool leaves the promenade still.” Cleanliness 9.2 E Elisabeth Brazil Comfort 7.5 Top-rated beach nearby 8.6 Value for money 7.8 Location 7.7-120, Brazil – Good location – show map Book your vacation home stay AftSehr obwo otrakninsgla,t iaonll of the property's details, including telephone and address, are provided in your booking confirmation and your account. We Price Match Simone Brazil Very Good Categories: 8.3 9 reviews Staff 8.8 “The hostess is very polite and prompt. The swimming pool makes the trip even more...” “Very spacious, airy house (no mold) , great pool, very practical barbecue, various utensil, cRh.u dvae iLrousz,ó 5ti5m9o csa..s. aA,p Croavbeoit aFmrioo,s C bEaPst a2n8t9e0.0”
CASA DE PRAIA CABO FRIO offers accommodations in Cabo Frio, 1.3 miles from Praia do Forte and 1.6 miles from Surf Museum. Offering a terrace and pool views, the spacious vacation home includes 4 bedrooms, a living room, satellite flat- screen TV, an equipped kitchen, and 3 bathrooms with a shower. Guests can swim in the outdoor swimming pool, go fishing or hiking, relax in the garden, and use the barbecue facilities. This property offers access to a balcony, free private parking, and free Wifi. For added privacy, the accommodation features a private entrance, and a patio that Saved to 1033 lists doubles up as an outdoor dining area. You're eligible for a Genius discount at CASA de PRAia CABo FRIO! To save at this property, all you have to do Property highlights is sign in.
The nearest airport is Cabo Frio International Airport, 2.5 miles from CASA DE PRAIA CABO FRIO. Popular points of interest near the vacation home include Foguete Beach, Dunes Park, and Municipal Estadium. Outdoor swimming pool Free parking Free Wifi Family rooms BBQ facilities Air conditioning Sign in, save money You could save 10% or more at this property when you sign in Sign in Create an account Availability We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices Check-in Date — Check-out Date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Accommodation Type Number of guests Four-Bedroom House × 6 Show prices Bedroom 1:2 twin beds Bedroom 2:1 twin bed and1 full bed Bedroom 3:1 fullbed Bedroom 4:4 twin beds Property practices This property told us they've implemented certain practices across some or all of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases. Learn more destination and community, and nature. Categories: Staff 8.8 Cleanliness 9.2 Comfort 7.5 Value for money 7.8 Location 7.6 Facilities 7.7 Cleanliness 8.6 Cleanliness 7.3 Comfort 8.5
Check-in from 15:00 until 1800 Check-out until noon. Free parking Free Wifi Family rooms BBQ facilities Air conditioning Parking Bedroom Media & Technology Free private parking is available on site (reservation Wardrobe or closet Streaming service (like Netflix) is not needed). Flat-screen TV Parking garage Bathroom Cable channels Accessible parking Toilet paper Satellite channels Bathtub or shower Internet TV Private Bathroom Wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge. Upper floors accessible by stairs only Microwave Refrigerator. Hardwood or parquet floors Stovetop Dining area Private entrance Oven Sofa Fan Kitchenware Sitting area Kitchen Accessibility Washing machine Upper floorsaccessible by stairsonly Microwaved Refrigerators. Outdoor swimming pool Free parking. Toilet Room Amenities Kitchen Shower Socket near the bed Drying rack for clothing Dining table Living Area Hardwood/Parquet floors. Private entrance to the living area. Oven sofa Fan. Kitchenware sitting area. Microwaving Ref refrigerator. The swimming pool makes the trip even more enjoyable.” great... We enjoyed it a lot.’
Casa DE PRAIA CABO FRIO takes special requests – add in the next step! You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance. Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. No age restriction for check-in. Children 18 and above will be charged as adults at this property. Smoking is not allowed. Parties/events are not allowed Parties Guests need be quiet between 9:00 PM and 8:00 AM. Pets are notallowed. The property does not accommodate bachelor(ette) or similar parties. The ne print See availability for rooms in the Garden, City and Garden areas of the property. The outdoor swimming pool is Free! Landmark view Open all year Pool view CCTV in common areas Garden view Languages Spoken Portuguese / See availability For more information, visit the property's website at: http://www.casa-de-praia-cabo-frio.com/hotel/hotels/casa.html. For more details on the spa and spa facilities, visit http:// www.cara-depraiacabofio.com/. For more info on the pool and spa, visithttp://www-cara.com.uk/hotela-cabo-fio/swimming-pool.
Casa de PRAIA CABO FRIO is located near popular landmarks in Cabo Frio. Quiet hours are between 21:00:00 and 08:000:00. There is a private pool available to guests staying at CASA DE PRAia CABo FRIO. The Best of CaboFrio is on sale now at www.cabofrio.com. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org for details. In the U.S. call the National Suicide Prevention Line on 1-800-273-8255 or visit http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/. For more information on CaboFrio, visit www.CaboFrio.org.
