Chalé das Conchas (Holiday home), Cabo Frio (Brazil) 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room House information Summary Services Read before booking There are still no reviews holidays and price Search ! We are sorry, but this property is not accepting reservations on our site at this time. Don't worry, you can find other nearby accommodations here. After booking, you will find all the property details including telephone number and address in your booking confirmation and in your account. Exceptional 10 3 external comments See on map
Chalé das Conchas is located in Cabo Frio, in the state of Rio de Janeiro, and offers balcony. The best of the property is located 800 meters from Praia De Unamar and offers a garden and free private parking. This 3-bedroom house features a living room with a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, and 2 bathrooms. Towels and bed linen are provided. The house is 18 km from Búzios Marina and 21 km from Ballenas Square. The nearest airport is CaboFrio International Airport, 41 km from Chalé d as Conch as. Price match Select dates to see availability and prices for this property.
Cancellation and prepayment policies may vary depending on the type of accommodation. Free parking Non-smoking rooms Parking Bathroom Outdoors There is free private parking on the property. No Balcony Towels reservation required. Private bathroom Garden Internet Audiovisual and technological equipment Food and drink There is no internet connection. Flat-screen TV Tea/Coffee maker Kitchen Room facilities Activities Coffee maker Sofa bed Beach Toaster Clothes rack View and exterior Kitchenware Hypoallergenic environment Kitchen Landmark view Tile/marble floor Washing machine Private entrance Building features Microwave Iron Independent Room Pets Miscellaneous Linens Allowed. Free. Non- smoking rooms Languages ​​spoken Portuguese Read before booking. Chalé das Conchas accepts special requests. Add them in the next step! From 12:00 Check-in You must tell the accommodation in advance what time you are going to arrive. Until 2:00 PM Check-out
There are no age restrictions for check-in at Chalé das Conchas. Booking.com manages the payment for your stay on behalf of the accommodation. Make sure you have cash to pay for any additional expenses you may have there. Children of all ages can be accommodated. Pets are free! Allowed. Rollaway Bed and Crib Policies Cribs and extra beds are not available. Children's beds can only be used by children under the age of 12. There are no extra beds or extra rooms at the hotel. The hotel is located in Cabo Frio, in the southern part of the Cabo del Cabo region of the island of Cabo de la Frontera. It is about an hour and a half by road from the center of the city.
