Estalagem do Sol (Homestay), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Deals 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Overview Info & prices Amenities House rules No reviews yet Search New to Booking.com Beach Estalag em do Sol Rua dos Coqueiros, CaboFrio, CEP 28908-655, Brazil – Show map Reserve After booking, all of the property’s details, including telephone and address, are provided in your booking confirmation. We Price Match No review score yet... We need at least 1 review before we can calculate a review score. If you book and review your stay, you can help us meet this goal.
Estalagem do Sol is just a 6-minute walk from Foguete Beach and 1.1 miles from Molded Depth's Beach. This property offers access to a balcony, free private parking, and free Wifi. The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom with a shower. Be one of the first to add Cabo Frio International Airport, 3.7 miles from the homestay. Free Private Parking Available On Site Reserve. +6 photos EstalagEM do Sol Reserve now Gallery Close. The nearest airport is the Municipal Estadium Alair Correia, 2.9 miles away, and Municipal Theater, 4.2 miles away.
Free parking Free Wifi Tea/Coffee Maker in All Rooms Availability We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices. 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Room Type Number of guests Double Room Show prices 1 full bed Double Room show prices 1Full Room Show Prices 1 fullBed. Free private parking is available on site (reservation Bedroom Living Area is not needed). Linens Dining area Languages Spoken Outdoors Media & Technology Spanish Balcony Portuguese Flat-screen TV Garden. Private Bathroom Refrigerator Wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge. Toilet Activities Shower Parking
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. Cribs and extra beds aren't available at this property. There's no age requirement for check-in No age restriction Pets are not allowed at Estalagem do Sol. The hotel is located in the center of Cabo Frio, about 30 miles from the city of San Jose. It is one of the most popular hotels in the region, with more than 2,000 guests a night. It's the only hotel in the area that offers a spa, with treatments lasting up to three hours. It also offers a 24-hour concierge service, with 24/7 care and 24 hour security.
