Estalagem dos Lustosas (Vacation Home), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Deals 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Vacation Home Info & One of our newest Overview Amenities House rules The fine print Price properties Search ! Unfortunately it's not possible to make reservations for this hotel at this time. Click here to see nearby hotels New to Booking.com. No review score yet... We need at least 1 review before we can calculate a review score. If you book and review your stay, you can help us meet this goal. Share your review of this hotel with CNN iReport.
Estalagem dos Lustosas is located in Cabo Frio, just 5.4 miles from Municipal Theater and 5.5 miles from Surf Property Museum. This property offers access to a balcony, free private parking, and free Wifi. The air-conditioned vacation home is composed of 2 separate bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a microwave, and 3 bathrooms. This vacation home also comes with a patio that doubles up as an outdoor dining area. The property offers garden views. Free Private Parking Available On Site. Free Wifi Balcony Free parking Air conditioning Private Bathroom. Free private parking available on site. The nearest airport is CaboFrio International Airport, 8.7 miles from the vacation home. Water Square is 5.8 miles away, while Municipal Estadium Alair Correia is 6.3 miles.
Estalagem dos Lustosas is located in the heart of Lisbon, Portugal. The property is available for rent by the day or by the week. There are two bedrooms, one bathroom and one living room. The house is fully equipped with air-conditioning, free Wifi and pets are allowed. It is possible to stay in the property for more than one night. There is no swimming pool, but there is a heated outdoor pool with a shower. The home is wheelchair-accessible and the bathroom is on the second floor. For more information on this property, please visit the property's accommodation information and visit the owner's announcement on their website.
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance. Pets are allowed. No cribs or extra beds are available. There's no age requirement for check-in. Parties/events are not allowed. Guests under the age of 18 can only check in with a parent or official guardian. This property does not accommodate bachelor(ette) or similar parties. Guests need to be quiet between 11:00 PM and 7:00 AM. Quiet hours are between 23:00:00 and 07:000:00. No extra charges are available for guests staying in the same room as the guest room. The ne print See availability. See availability for more information on the Estalagem dos Lustosas property.
