Mandai Frente para o MAR (Apartment), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Deals 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Overview Apartment Info & Price Amenities House rules No reviews yet Search ! Unfortunately it's not possible to make reservations for this hotel at this time. Click here to see nearby hotels in Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil. The hotel has an Exceptional 9.6 42 external reviews Show on map. The property’s details, including telephone and address, are provided in your booking confirmation and your account.
+37 photos Mandai Frente para o MAR.
Mandai Frente para o MAR offers accommodations with Property highlights access to a sauna and steam room. The air-conditioned apartment is composed of 2 separate bedrooms, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and microwave, and 2 bathrooms. Guests can enjoy a drink at the bar or a meal in the restaurant. Outdoor swimming pool Free parking Free Wifi Restaurant 24-hour front desk Air conditioning Bar Availability We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices. Check-in Date — Check-out Date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Guest reviews See availability 9.6 Exceptional• Based on 42 guest reviews from several other travel websites (using our 10-point scale) External review score is from guests who booked this property on several otherTravel websites. It will be replaced by a Booking.com review score once this property receives its first review from guests on our site.
Mandai Frente para o MAR takes special requests – add in the next step! From 2:00 PM to 12:00 AM Check-in You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance. Until 11:00am Check-out You must be at the property at the time you're scheduled to check-in or check-out. There is no additional info available on the Amenities of Mandai Parao Mar. The following amenities are available: Outdoor swimming pool Free parking Free Wifi Restaurant 24-hour front desk Air conditioning Bar Parking Living Area Spa Free private parking is available on site (reservation Dining area Steam room is not needed). Hot tub/Jacuzzi Additional charge Parking garage Media & Technology Sauna Flat-screen TV Internet Cable channels Food & Drink Wifi is available in public areas and is free of charge.
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to apartment type. No cribs or extra beds are available. There's no age requirement for check-in No age restriction Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply. To see correct prices and occupancy info, add the number and ages of children in your group to your search.
