FLAT MANDAI CABO FRIO (Apartment), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Deals “We loved the accommodation and location and also the view of the dunes! 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room We will definitely be back.” Location 9.6 Eduardo Brazil Top-rated beach nearby 8.9. Price Match opiFnaiocnilsit<ie/sp> 8.6 Cleanliness 8.8 Excellent 8. 6 21 reviews Comfort 8.3! Value for money 8.4 Book your apartment stay <p><b>Excellent location – rated 9. 6/10! <small>(score from <b>21</b> reviews)</small></p> <p>Real guests • Real stays • Real We Price MatchOpiFaiFaiNilsit 8.6.
+34 photos FLAT MANDAI CABO FRIO Reserve
Located in Cabo Frio, less than 0.6 mi from Praia do Forte, Flat Mandai is highly rated by recent guests (9.6) CaboFrio provides accommodations with free WiFi, a garden with an outdoor swimming pool, pool views, and Free Parking. On Site access to a fitness room and a sauna. Guests at the apartment can enjoy a continental breakfast. Popular points of interest near the accommodations include Municipal Theater and Handicraft Market. Couples in particular like the location – they rated it 9.6 for a two-person trip. Free parking Beachfront Free Wifi Fitness center 24-hour front desk Air conditioning Elevator. The Reliable Info nearest airport is Cabo frio International Airport, 4.3 mi from FlatMandai Caba Frio. Saved to 1338 lists Popular spots to visit include the Municipal Theater, Handic Craft Market, and the beachfront.
2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Accommodation Type Number of guests Apartment with Sea View × 4 Show prices Bedroom :1 full bed Living room:1 sofa bed Suite with Sea view Show prices 1 full bed Superior Apartment × 5 Show prices beds:1 twin bed and1 fullBedroom:1 double bed and 1 sofa bed. Guest reviews See availability 8.6 Excellent · 21 reviews Read all reviews Categories: Staff 9.4 Facilities 8.8 Comfort 8.9 Value for money 8.3 Location 9.6 See what guests loved the most: Eduardo Brazil “Adoramos a acomodação e localização and tmb a vista das dunas ! Voltaremos com certeza”
Free parking Beachfront Free Wifi Fitness center 24-hour front desk Air conditioning Elevator Parking Media & Technology Food & Drink Free public parking is available on site (reservation is TV Vending machine (snacks) not needed). Parking garage Room Amenities Activities Clothes rack Beach Internet Wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge. Lockers Kitchen Baggage storage Microwave Outdoors 24- hour front desk Refrigerator Beachfront Garden Miscellaneous Bathroom Air conditioning Toilet paper Common Areas Smoke-free property Towels Game room Elevator Private Bathroom Outdoor swimming pool Hairdryer Languages Spoken English Living Area Spa Portuguese Sitting area Fitness center Sauna / See availability House rules FLAT MANDAI CABO FRIO takes special requests – add in the next step! From 4:00 PM to 11:00pm Check-in You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance. From 11:000 AM to 12:00PM Check-out Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to apartment type.
Cribs and extra beds aren't available at this property. The minimum age for check-in is 18 Age restriction Cash is not accepted Accepted payment methods Smoking is not allowed. Parties/events are not allowed Parties Guests need be quiet between 10:00 AM and 10:000 PM. Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply. The Best of Cabo Frio Click here to see more properties near popular landmarks in CaboFrio. The ne print See availability. See availability for more information on properties near Cabo frio, including: hotels, motels, cottages, villas and more. The best of Caba Frio is on sale now. Visit www.cabofrio.com for more details on hotels and motels near the center of the city, as well as a list of some of the best spots to stay in the city for the next few days. For more information about properties in the area, visit: www.tourismcabofrio.com/hotels/cabo-frio-hotels-and-resorts/hotel-caba-fio-hotel.
