Flat Solife 3 Cabo Frio-Búzios (Apartment) (Brazil) deals “Conforto, itens essentials and exceptional hygiene!” 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Show translation Apartment info and Overview Facilities House rules The fine print Guest reviews (20) Febe Brazil price Search Beach “Casa confortable, segura, limpa e bem ventilada. Let's return with certainty." Rua B, quadra 03, lote 04 Parque Eldorado 3, CaboFrio, CEP 28920-000, Brazil – Prime location - show Reserve your stay at this apartment angIp amkiatap aang translation <p><b>C Na ar po al kagBarnazdialng</b> location — rated 9.1/10! <small>(score from <b>20 </b> reviews)</small></p> We have a Price Match <p>Rated by guests after their stay at the Flat Solife 3 Cabo Frio-Frio Apartment (Hotel) (Rio de Janeiro) All one apartment Brazil Rio de Janeiro State Cabo frio Check-in date — Check-out date See what guests liked most: Flat Solife 3 Cobo Frio Home Hotel All one apartment (Rio de Janeiro State Cabo Frio Hotel All one apartment (Brazil) Prices are based on double-bedrooms, three-bedroom, four-bedroom and four-bed rooms with one-to-two baths. Prices start at $99 per night and go up to $199 per night.
+15 photo Flat Solife 3 Cabo Frio-Búzios Mag-book at Gallery Isara. 녆 Bukod-tang
Flat Solife 3 Cabo Frio-Búzios is located 10 km from Surf Museum and 11 km from Japanese Island. The 1-bedroom apartment comes with a living room with a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and fridge, and 1 bathroom with shower. For visitors looking to embark on day trips to nearby landmarks, the apartment features a selection of packed lunches. The apartment also provides free WiFi, free private parking and facilities for disabled guests. May libreng private parking on-site Mag-reserve. The nearest airport is CaboFrio International Airport, 15 km from Flat Solife. The property is located in a quiet residential area with quiet street views and a patio, around 10km from Top location: Mataas ang ibinigay na rating ng mga Municipal Theater. For added privacy, the accommodation features I-save ang accommodation a private entrance. For more information, visit flatsolife3cabofrio.com or go to www.flatsolife.com/cabo-frio-búzio-accommodation-hotel-residence-tourist-cabo-frio-international-airport-museum-and-touring-tours-cfo-fio-fico-fino-ibinigyay-rating-mga-mbu-buzio-rating. The accommodation is available in English, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Spanish and Portuguese. It is also available in Spanish, English, Italian and Portuguese, with prices starting at around $2,500 per night and going up to $10,000 per night. For confidential support, call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details. The Samaritans can also be contacted via their website: http://www.samaritans.org/locations/Cabo-Frio-Bunzio/ or call the National Suicide Prevention Line on 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
Cabo Frio-Búzios is located in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The accommodation has been rated as one of the best in Brazil by Booking.com. Amenities include free WiFi, free parking, and disabled facilities. The hotel has been described as 'confortable, segura, limpa e bem ventilada' and 'super aten' by guests who stayed at the hotel. Cabo Frio has a rating of 3/5 for quality, based on factors such as facilities, size, location and services provided. It has a review score of 9.5 out of 10, with the most popular facilities being the kitchen and living room. The most popular value is the value of the flat's location, with a score of 8.5. The quality of the accommodation is rated from 3 to 5, with 3 being the best and 10 the worst.
Flat Solife 3 Cabo Frio-Búzios takes special requests - add it in the next step! You must inform the property in advance of your arrival time. Cancellation and prepayment policies differ based on apartment type. Children 8 years and older will be charged as adults at this property. No cribs or extra beds are available. There is no age requirement to check in. Smoking is not allowed. Parties/events are not allowed between 10:00 PM and 8:00 AM. No pets allowed. The ne print Check availability Information guests need to know for this property Please enter the dates of your stay and Cancellations/ view conditions of your chosen room. advance payment Child policies Children's beds Children can be accommodated, regardless of age. To see the correct prices and occupancy information, enter the number of children in your group as well as their ages in your search. You can use the Special Request box during booking, or contact the property directly using the details found on your confirmation. You must be quiet between 10,000 and 8,000 hours for parties/events to be held at the property. There are no cribs and extra beds available for children. No pet owners are allowed in the property, and no pets are allowed at any time during the property's quiet hours.
This property does not allow bachelor and bachelorette parties and anything like that. Quiet hours are between 22:00:00 and 08:000:00. How far is Flat Solife 3 Cabo Frio-Búzios from the center of CaboFrio? What are the check-in and check-out times at this property? Click here for properties near popular landmarks in Caba Frio. Click here to see more properties near CabaFrio's most popular tourist attractions. The property is located in the heart of the city, just a short walk from the city center. It is located on the main road between the city centre and the beach.
