Casa Green House (Vacation Home), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Deals 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Vacation Home Info & Overview Amenities House rules The fine print No reviews yet Price Search ! Unfortunately it's not possible to make reservations for this hotel at this time. Click here to see nearby hotels Beachfront · Private Beach Casa Green House Rua Apolo 15, casa lote 06; quadra 18; verão vermelho 2, CEP 28900-001, Brazil – Show map. No review score yet... We need at least 1 review before we can calculate a review score. If you book and review your stay, you can help us meet this goal.
Casa Green House Reserve is located in the exclusive Casa Green House reserve. The home has a pool, swimming pool, BBQ facilities and a washing machine
Casa Green House is located in Cabo Frio, close to Praia De Unamar and 11 miles from Buzios Marina. This self-catered vacation home features a private pool, a garden, grill facilities, free WiFi and free private parking. The air-conditioned vacation home is composed of 3 separate bedrooms, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge and oven, and 2 bathrooms. Free private parking is available on site (reservation is needed) Internet Wifi is available in public areas and is free of charge. The nearest airport is CaboFrio International Airport, 25 miles from Casa Green House. Whale Square is 13 miles from the vacation home, while Costoes Rochosos Natural Monument is13 miles away. Free Private Parking Available On Site. Free parking Beachfront Free Wifi Family rooms BBQ facilities Private beach area Parking Free private Parking isavailable on site.
Casa Green House takes special requests – add in the next step! You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance. Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. Children 4 and above will be charged as adults at this property. No cribs or extra beds are available. Minimum age for check-in is 18. Spoken Balcony Portuguese Garden / Property practice This property told us they've implemented a practice in one of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases, destination and community, Learn more or nature. Private pool CCTV outside property BBQ facilities. Children & Beds Children of all ages are welcome. Children are allowed on request. Charges may apply. To see correct prices and occupancy info, add the number and ages of children in your group to your search. Private bathroom located on ground floor. Entire unit located onGround floor. Private Bathroom Private check- in/out Toilet Outdoors Shower Shops Picnic area Convenience store on site Living Area Outdoor furniture Dining area Beachfront Miscellaneous Outdoor dining area Sofa Family rooms Private beach area Sitting area Barbecue Safety & security Private pool. Private entrance Microwave Pool view Fan Refrigerator Garden view.
Booking.com takes your payment for this stay on behalf of the property, but make sure you have cash for any extras once you get there. Parties/events are not allowed Parties Guests need be quiet between 10:00 AM and 10:000 PM. Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply. See availability for more information.
