Cabo Frio Home Hotels Apartments - all options Brazil Rio de Janeiro State Cabo Frio Arrival date — Departure date Find out what guests liked the most: Deals in Apto confortable of 3 quartos-CaboFrio (Apartment) (Brazil) "A acomodadoção é perfecta . Apartamento grande, confortavel, atendeu todas as nossas necesias. Nos encantó...” <p><b>Excellent location - rated 9.2 out of 10! <small>(according to <b>30</b> guests) Ratings from guests Basic overview Facilities Accommodation conditions Do not miss the apartment (30) Search Show translation Ana Brazil Near the beach Aptos arejad2o sd,o csopmél âtineenae Adpoasr tpalamzeanst od,e C easbtaoc Fiornioa, mCiEenPt o2.8 T9e0 8d-e2ja8 0r,o Bpara dzeíl ieca –m Vay yn itkoaajílclaí slo yk atielitnae – l lauvkaádzoarta m loa pcuual Reserve your staying in the apartment is brilliant. The best rated beach in Bem equipado e..." 8.9 nearby Show translation Rodrigues Brazil Show on the map "Apartamento super confortables, tudo funcionado perfectly. Fica no primeiro andar e tem elevador. Apt bem arejado,ventilado e espacioso O apt é dos fundos, mas tem uma vista lateral pra praia das Dunas: espetacular,! The best ratings beach in. Bem equippedado e... 8.8 nearby. "Apt confortsable, vista bonita da praia, cozinha bem espacio, bem equipada, gostei mt do apt" Micaela Uruguay Fantastic 9.1 out of 30 reviews.
Apto confortable de 3 quartos-Cabo Frio offers accommodation with a terrace. Praia do Forte is located approximately 1 km away. This apartment provides free private parking, shared by guests: (9,2) lounge and free Wi-Fi. In accommodation, you qualify for a Genius discount! Just log in and you can save on Accommodation Advantages. + 12 photos AptoConfortableDe3Quarto.com.
This apartment has 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen including a dining area and a fridge, and a living area with a flat-screen TV. The bathroom is equipped with a shower. Popular points of interest near Apto confortable de 3 quartos-Cabo Frio include Dunes Park, Surf Save accommodation Museum and Municipal Theater. Free Parking Beach Free Wi-Fi Family Rooms Non-Smoking Rooms Elevator Sign in and save You can save 10% or more at this property when you sign up. Saved in 825 listings The distances shown in the property description are calculated using © OpenStreetMap See more Information reliability Most popular amenities According to guests, the property's description and photos are very accurate. There is a free private private parking lot at the beach. Cabo Frio International Airport is 5 km from Aptos confortables de 3 Quartos-Apto. The property has told us that it has practices in place in some or all of the following areas: waste, water, energy, greenhouse gases, destinations and Learn more local community and nature.
Booking.com rated the quality of this accommodation 3 out of 5 based on factors such as facilities, size, location and provided services. Free Parking Beach Free Wi-Fi Family Rooms Non-Smoking Rooms Elevator Parking Bathroom Room Amenities Free private parking is possible on the hotel premises Toilet paper Socket by the bed (reservation not required) Additional Bathroom Sofa Bed Parking Garage Bath or Shower Clothes Dryer Handicap Parking Private Bathroom Mosquito Net Internet Toilet Tiled/Marble Floor Wireless Internet is available throughout Shower Soundproofing the hotel free of charge. Private entrance Living area Fan Cooking Dining room Dining table Sofa Wheelchair accessible Stove Seating Upper floors accessible by elevator Oven Media and technology Exterior Kitchenware Online video library (eg Netflix) Outdoor furniture Kitchen Flat screen TV Beach Washing machine TV Terrace Microwave Solar oven terrace Refrigerator Balcony Bedroom Common areas Closet or dressing room Common room. Check availability Facilities of Apto confortable de 3 quartos-Cabo Frio Check availability Great facilities! Score: 9 Most Popular Amenities free Parking Beach free Wi- Fi Family Rooms non-smoking rooms Elevator parking Bathroom room Amenities. Additional Bathrooms SofaBed Parking Garage bath or Showers Dryer handicap parking private Bathroom. Check Availability.
Apto confortable de 3 quartos-Cabo Frio can meet your special requests, write them in the next step. Let the accommodation know in advance what time you will arrive. Children aged 18 and over will be charged the same price as an adult in this accommodation. Pets are not allowed. Smoking is prohibited. Walking Tours Sea View Soundproofing Evening Films Additional Fee View Elevator Off-site Family Rooms Building Features Pub crawls Additional Fee Non-Smoking rooms Beach Apartment in building Diving off-site Separate building Security Fire extinguishers Bowling Additional charge Off- site Reception services Hiking Additional charge Invoicing possibility Staff speaks the following languages: Off- Site Lockers English Canoeing Additional charge Individual check-in/check-out in Spanish Off-Site Portuguese Windsurfing Additional charge Outside accommodation Show availability Accommodation conditions Apto Confortablede3Quartos de 3 Quarts de Frio is located in the heart of the city of Cabo Frio in the municipality of San Sebastian, in the province of Caja de Santa Cruz. For more information on this accommodation, please visit the accommodation's website or call the reception on 020 3615 9091. The accommodation is open from 7:00 a.m. to 11:30 a.M. and from 14:00 to 18:00 until the end of the work day. The reception is located on the second floor of the building and is open to the public at all hours of the day and night. Please inform the accommodation of your expected arrival time in advance.
This accommodation is run by a private host. In this case, EU consumer protection legislation may not apply. In response to the coronavirus (covid-19) situation, additional safety and hygiene measures are currently in place at this property. Find out more about accommodation at Apto confortable de 3 quartos-Cabo Frio. Click here to see more accommodation options near attractions in Cabo Frio, or click here for more information about the accommodation options on offer at this hotel. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch, or see www.samaritans.org for details. In the U.S. call the National Suicide Prevention Line on 1-800-273-8255 or visit http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/. In the UK, contact the National suicide prevention line on 0800 0300 123 90 90.
