Cabo Frio Home Hotels All apartments Brazil Rio de Janeiro State Cabo Frio Check-in Date — Check-out Date See what guests loved the most: Sobrado com hydromassagem (Apartment), CaboFrio (Brazil) Deals “We really enjoyed the reception and support provided we had during our stay. Very helpful hosts. rules The fine print Guest reviews (7) Search Show translation Beach Sérgio Brazil Townhouse with hydromasage “2P7o nRtuoas Npoastaitli,v oCsa.b.o Frii, CEP 28911-190, Brazil – Excellent location – show map Book your apartment stay The apartment was very clean , the apartment is very close to everything and well located, very spacious, house – rated 9.3/10! “Location close to shopping and bars, about 3km from the beach, you can walk.” Show translation Excellent 8.6 Silas Brazil 7 reviews “Positive points: Tatyana was the one who gave me the key (I don't know what degree of kinship she is with the owner of the property)”
Sobrado com hidromassagem is located in the city of Belo Horizonte, Brazil. The apartment includes a swimming pool, kitchen garden, BBQ facilities, and free parking.
Sobrado com hidromassagem is a recently renovated apartment in Cabo Frio. Property highlights its outdoor swimming pool, garden, and barbecue facilities. Apartment includes 2 bedrooms, a living room and a flat-screen TV, an equipped kitchen with a dining area, and 1 bathroom with a bath. This property offers access to a balcony, free private parking, and free Wifi. The accommodation is non- Save the property smoking. Guests at the apartment will be able to enjoy activities in and around CaboFrio, like hiking. Free Private Parking Available On Site Reserve. We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices. 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Accommodation Type Number of guests Two-Bedroom Apartment × 7 + Show prices Bedroom 1:2 twin beds Bedroom 2:1 twin bed and1 full bed Living room:2 sofa beds Guest reviews See availability 8.6 Excellent · 7 reviews Read all reviews Categories: Staff 8.9 Facilities 7.5 Cleanliness 8.2 Comfort 8.3 Value for money 9.3 Location 9.1Location: Highly rated by recent guests (9.3) minute walk away. Praia do Forte is 1.4 miles from the apartment and Municipal Estadium Alair Correia is a 15- Top Location. Dunes Park is1.4mile from Sobrado. The nearest airport is Cabo frio International Airport, 3.1 miles from this accommodation. Free parking Free Wifi Family rooms BBQ facilities Availability we Price Match select dates tosee this property’s availability and price. The property is Saved to 109 lists and is available on site Reserve on the same day as the listed accommodation. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
2 swimming pools Free parking Free Wifi Family rooms BBQ facilities Parking Media & Technology Spa Free private parking is available on site (reservation is Flat-screen TV Spa lounge/Relaxation area not needed). TV Beach umbrellas Internet Beach chairs/Loungers Room Amenities Hot tub/Jacuzzi Wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge. Sofa bed Kitchen Drying rack for clothing Activities Clothes rack Walking tours Additional charge Dining table Tile/Marble floor Beach Cleaning products Fan Diving Additional charge Off-site Stovetop Iron Hiking Off- Site Oven Canoeing Additional charge off-site Kitchen Pets Refrigerator Pets are allowed. No extra charges. House rules Sobrado com hidromassagem takes special requests – add in the next step! From 1:00 PM to 8:00PM Check-in You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance. From 1-00 PM-8:00pm check-in.
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to apartment type. Children 18 and above will be charged as adults at this property. No cribs or extra beds are available. There's no age requirement for check-in No age restriction Smoking is not allowed. Parties/events are not allowed Parties Free! Pets are allowed. No extra charges. The ne print See availability Must-know information for guests at thisProperty. This property does not accommodate bachelor(ette) or similar parties. Click here to see more properties near popular landmarks in Cabo Frio. The Best of CaboFrio is a weekly, off-beat look at the best properties in the city. Visit www.cabofrio.com for more information on properties near the city's famous landmarks, attractions, restaurants and more. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local Samaritans branch, see www.samaritans.org for details. In the U.S. call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline on 1-800-273-8255 or visit http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/.
