Cabo Frio Hotel Real (Hotel), Cabo Frio (Brazil) deals See what guests loved the most: “Excellent service room excellent breakfast very good breakfast time very good for those who go to work haovd”eurlvtsie ·w 0 children · 1 roomInfo & prices Facilities House rules The fine print Guest reviews (436) Show translation Search HoteP lau Rlo eaBrlazil Rua Enfermeiro Ricardo Sanches 22, CaboFrio, CEP 28908-040, Brazil – Great location - show map “hotel in a very accessible location, the room and bathroom are very spacious and clean, there is parking” Reserve Aftuemr bao vookriinegd,a adlel o df eth seu cporosp neort yc'asf éd ettaa imls,a innhcãlu. ”ding telephone and address, are provided in your booking confirmation and your account. We Price Match Show translation Santos Brazil Very good 8.5 436 reviews “Cozy room, bright environment and wonderful shower!” Show translation Fernandes Brazil “From the location,the staff are very friendly, clean, quiet environment”
Set in Cabo Frio, Hotel Real has a bar, as well as free WiFi. The property is 1.3 km from Surf Museum and 1.4 km from Forte Beach. The rooms are fitted with a desk, a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom. Free parking is available at the hotel conditioning, and some rooms have a balcony. Staff are willing to help at any time of the day at the reception. Breakfast info Continental, Buffet. Free WiFi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Room service Facilities for disabled guests 24-hour front desk Air conditioning Lift Breakfast Sign in, save money You could save 10% or more at this property when you sign in Sign in Create an account Availability We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices Check-in date — Check-out date. Reserve now. +23 photos Hotel Real Reserve now Gallery Close 녆 Very good 8.5 436 reviews You're eligible for a Genius discount at Hotel Real! All you have to do is sign in.
2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Room type Number of guests Deluxe Queen Room + Show Prices 1 large double bed King Suite with Spa Bath Show prices 1 extra-large double bed Luxury Quadruple Room × 5 + Show Price 1 single bed and2 large double beds Guest reviews See availability 8.5 Very good · 436 reviews Read all reviews Categories: Staff 8.8 Facilities 8. 5 Cleanliness 8.9 Comfort8.8 Value for money 8.2 Location 8.4 Free WiFi8.2 Select topics to read reviews: Breakfast Room Location Parking Beach See what guests loved the most: Paulo Santos Fernandes Brazil Brazil Brazil “Excellent service room excellent breakfast very “hotel in a very accessible location, the room and bathroom is “Cozy room, good coffee hours very good for those going for work”
Free parking Free WiFi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Room service Facilities for disabled guests Air conditioning Lift Breakfast Bathroom Media & Technology Safety & security Toilet paper Flat-screen TV Fire extinguishers Towels Telephone Smoke alarms Private bathroom TV Key card access Toilet 24-hour security Food & Drink Free toiletries Wine/champagne Additional charge General Hairdryer Minibar Designated smoking area Shower Air conditioning Internet Bedroom Non- smoking throughout WiFi is available in all areas and is free of charge. Clothes rack Meeting/banquet facilities Additional charge Languages spoken Room service Spanish Living Area Portuguese Desk Property practices This property has told us they implemented certain practices across some or all of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases. Learn more destination and community, and nature. Hotel Real takes special requests - add in the next step! From 12:00 to 23:30 Check-in From 01:00-11:00 Check-out Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodation type. Children 4 years and above will be charged as adults at this property. Cot and extra bed policies 0 - 3 years Cot upon request Free 4+ years Extra bed upon request R$ 180 per person, per night.
The minimum age for check-in is 18. Pets are not allowed. Prices for cots and extra beds are not included in the total price, and will have to be paid for separately during your stay. The number of extra beds and cots allowed is dependent on the option you choose. Parking is subject to availability due to limited spaces. Additional safety and sanitation measures are in effect at this property. Due to Coronavirus (COVID-19), wearing a face mask is mandatory in all indoor common areas. Please inform Hotel Real in advance of your expected arrival time. You can use the Special Requests box when booking, or contact the property directly with the contact details provided in your confirmation. Click here to see more hotels and accommodation near popular landmarks in Cabo Frio. What kind of breakfast is served at Hotel Real? How much does it cost to stay at Hotelreal? How close to the beach is HotelReal? What are the check- in and check-out times at Hotel real? The best of CaboFrio: The best hotels and hotels near the centre of the city. The nene print See availability See availability For more information on Hotel Real, visit Hotel Real’s official website or click here for more information about the hotel and its accommodation options. The Hotel Real website can be viewed by clicking on the link below: http://www.hotelreal.com/hotel/cabo-frio-cabo-frio.
