Hotel Mar de Cabo Frio is one of the most popular hotels in Brazil. The hotel is located near the beach and has a number of restaurants and bars. The guesthouse has a great, clean pool and is located close to the beach. The suite is very cozy, spacious, clean and with an excellent view of the pool. There is a spacious hallway with a chair and a hammock in front of the suite. The breakfast was good, but it could have had a little more fresh bread, the French bread on some days I found it stale. Free WiFi is available in the guesthouse and the hotel has free WiFi in the hotel and guesthouse. It is possible to stay at the hotel for less than $20 a night. For more information on the hotel, visit hotelmardecabo Frio.com or go to www.hotelmar decabo-frio.com. Back to Mail Online home.back to the page you came from. Click here for more information about the Hotel Mar deCobo Frio and other hotels in the region, or click here to go to the hotel's official website. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org for details. In the U.S. call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline on 1-800-273-8255 or visit www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org.
breakfast was good, but it could have had a little more fresh bread, the French bread on some days I found it stale. Location F Fernanda Brazil Free WiFi “Excellent place, very clean, complete desayuno Buena ubicación” Vanessa Paraguay.
Hotel Mar de Cabo Frio is situated just 200 metres from Do Forte Beach. It offers air-conditioned rooms and free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel. Amenities include a minibar, Continental, Buffet cable TV and telephone. Regional cuisine is served at Pousada Mar’s restaurant. Couples particularly like the location — they rated it 8.8 for a two-person trip. The hotel is less than 5 km away from CaboFrio International Airport, which is also just 5 km from the hotel, and is on the island's main island of Cozumel. For more information, visit the hotel's website or call the front desk on 08457 90 90 90 or visit www.hotelmardecabofrio.com.
Hotel Mar de Cabo Frio is situated just 200 metres from Do Forte Beach. It offers air-conditioned rooms and free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel. Amenities include a minibar, Continental, Buffet cable TV and telephone. Regional cuisine is served at Pousada Mar’s restaurant. Guests can relax in the outdoor swimming pool which is surrounded by palm trees. A volleyball court and games room are also available. Couples particularly like the location — they rated it 8.8 for a two-person trip. CaboFrio International Airport is less than 5 km away. Free private parking a Saved to 3649 lists lists. Free WiFi 8.4. Free parking Free WiFi Family rooms Restaurant Non-smoking rooms Room service 24-hour front desk Bar 녆 Superb 9.2 164 reviews Availability Select dates to see this property's availability and prices — Room type Number of guests Suite Luxury × 4 + 1 double bed Suite + 1double bed Family Suite +1 double bed and1 sofa bed Suite with Balcony × 4 1 single bed and2 double beds and 1 sofa bed. Cleanliness Comfort 9.0 Value for money 8.7 Location Free WiFi8.4 Select topics to read reviews: ResBtreaaukfarsat nts Location Pool Room Clean 1 restaurant on site See what guests loved the most: See what hotel guests said they liked the most about Hotel Mar de cabo frio in Brazil. The property has told us they implemented certain practices across some or all of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases.
Hotel Mar de Cabo Frio has one restaurant on site. Free WiFi is available in all areas and is free of charge. There is no age requirement for check-in Internet Open all year Pets are not allowed. Free private parking is possible on site (reservation is not needed). Languages spoken Accepted Cash Accessible parking Portuguese payment methods House rules Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodation type. ChildrO enu t 6d o yo er as rs and above will be charged as adults at this property. Free toiletries From 14:00 C Hh ae irc dk r- yi en r Guests are required to show a photo identification and credit Mcaerddi au p&o. Upper floors acces Cot and extra bed policies Minibar Room Amenities Outdoor swimming Cots aSnodc keextt rnae baerd tsh ea rbee ndot available at this hotel. Free parking Free WiFi Family rooms Restaurant Non-smoking rooms Room service 24-hour fro Bathroom Activities Services Toilet paper Bicycle rental Additional charge Daily housekeepin Towels Bike tours Additional charge Shared lounge/TV Private bathroom Table tennis 24- hours front desk Toilet Games room Room service Room service Hotel Mar de cabo Fria takes special requests - add in the next step! Free toiletry from 14:000 C HH ae irc dk rnae baerd tsh ea rbee ndot available at hotel de cabo-frio in Portuguese and in English. Free to use the free WiFi in all parts of the hotel, including the outdoor swimming pool. No pets are allowed in the pool or on the beach. No children under the age of 12 are allowed on the property. No childrO enu t 6d o er asrs and rs andrs are required to be accommodated at the hotel.
Hotel Mar de Cabo Frio takes special requests - add in the next step! Free toiletries From 14:00 C Hh ae irc dk r- yi en r Guests are required to show a photo identification and credit Mcaerddi au p&o Tne cchhencoklo-igny Safety & security CShheocwke-orut Until 12:00 Flat-screen TV Fire extinguishers Cable channels Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodation type. Upper floors acces Cot and extra bed policies Minibar Room Amenities Outdoor swimming Cots aSnodc keextt rnae baerd tsh ea rbee ndot available at this property. Free private parking is possible on site (reservation is not needed). Languages spoken Accepted Cash Accessible parking Portuguese payment methods House rules The ne print Need-to-know information for guests at thisProperty. The best of CaboFrio. Click here to see more hotels and accommodation near popular landmarks in Cabo frio. The ne print needs to be read in order to understand the property's house rules and policies. To seeG acordrreenct prices and occupancy information, please add the number of children i Bn ay rour group and their ages to your search. When booking more than 4 rooms, different policies and additional supplements may apply. The property is managed by a private host. EU consumer law relating to professional hosts might not apply. In accordance with government guidelines to minimise transmission of the Coronavirus (COVID-19), this property currently isn't accepting guests from certain countries, during dates. Wearing a face mask is mandatory in all indoor common areas. Pets are not allowed. WiFi is available in all areas and is free of charge.
