Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem (Hotel) is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The hotel is located just across the street from the famous Ilha do Japonês beach. Guests have given the hotel a score of 9.7 out of 10 by rating it 'great' and 'very beautiful' The hotel also has a hot tub with a spectacular view of the city's nightlife. It is one of the most popular hotels in the city, with more guests staying there than any other hotel in the state of Rio de Janeiro. For more information on the hotel, visit the hotel's official website or click here for details on how to book a stay at the hotel. To see more hotel reviews, visit Hotel Boutique recanto da passagem's website or go to: http://www.hotel-boutique-recanto-da-passagem.com/. For more travel information, visit: http: www.touérryk.com/travel/hotels-and-tourist-cabo-frio/cabo-frio-home-hotels/cobo-fino-hotel.html. For a list of all the best hotels in Brazil, see:http: http:/www.cabofrio.co.uk/hotel/restaurant-restaurants/coco-fio.html/. For a full list of the best Brazilian hotels, go to http:/ www.cocofrios.com.au/. For an overview of the cheapest hotels in Rio, click here. For the best value for money, visit http: /www.riofrioz.com%. For the cheapest Brazilian hotel, click on the link to the website.
Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem is located in the heart of the city. The hotel has been rated excellent by recent guests (9.7) for its outgoing glamor. Guests staying at this hotel were very satisfied with their beds. To save on this, you just need to enter the hotel and claim a Genius discount.
Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem is situated in Cabo Frio, 1.6 km from Water Square and 2 km from Forte Beach. Among the various facilities are an outdoor swimming pool and a garden. Staff on site can Book now arrange a shuttle service. At the hotel, rooms have a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV. The rooms come with air conditioning, and some units have a balcony. Every room is equipped with a Added to list 11264 private bathroom with free toiletries. A buffet breakfast is available daily at Hotel BoutiquerecantodaPassagem. The most popular features are: Outdoor pool free parking by the waterfront free wifi family rooms restaurant non-smoking rooms 24/7 reception bar great breakfast Log in and save You can save at least 10% at this accommodation after logging in Log in Create an account Vacancies We accept the price competition Select dates , to see availability and prices at this hotel. Check-in — Check-out date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Room type Number of guests Standard room with double bed + See prices 1 double bed Deluxe room - lake view + See Prices 1double bed Executive suite - lake views See prices1 double bed Executive Suite Pool View See prices.
Cabo Frio is located in Cabo Frio, a suburb of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is one of the most popular hotels in the city. The hotel is located next to the lake, and has a hot tub with a view of Ilha do Japonês. There is a restaurant on site, but we don't know more at the moment. There are no extra beds, but there is an extra cama for extra sleepers. Free WiFi is available at the hotel, but it is limited to a few hours a day. The restaurant has a wide variety of both sweet and savory options to choose from. The staff is very friendly. The fresh fruit More was...” Read more about the hotel and stay at the CaboFrio in our guide to the best hotels in Brazil. See all reviews for more information about this hotel and other hotels in Rio de Janiero, Brazil, or click here to go to the hotel's official website. For more information on the restaurant, visit the Restaurant Jose Mar, or the Restaurant Room Bar at the Hotel Boutique, or go to www.hotel-boutique.com.br/restaurant/jose-mar/josé-mar. See more reviews for this hotel in Brazil and other countries around the world, including the UK.
Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem also accepts special requests - write yours in the next step! Guests must present their credit card or a photo ID between 10:00 and 12:00 Check-out Prepayment and cancellation conditions vary by accommodation type. Enter when you will be staying, then check the cancellation / conditions for the selected room. advance payment Policies for children Cots ⦁ Extra beds Children of any age are welcome. The price of cots is not included in the total amount of the reservation. The fee for these must be paid at the accommodation. Extra beds cannot be requested at this accommodation. Cots can be requested subject to availability. The checking-in guest cannot be younger than 18. There is an age limit. Pets cannot be accommodated. Cash Accepted payment methods Small print section See available places English Portuguese See the available places in English Portuguese. Portuguese Spanish and Greece in Spanish. In English Portuguese, the hotel offers the following services: Outdoor pool free parking by the waterfront free Wi-Fi family rooms restaurant non-smoking rooms 24/7 reception bar great breakfast Outdoor units Internet General garden furniture Wi- Fi Internet access in the entire area of ​​the accommodation Air conditioning free of charge. next to the waterfront all common and private rooms non- Smoking garden Parking family rooms Leisure facilities Free private parking is possible on site non- smoking rooms (reservation not required). bike tours For an extra charge beach Services Outdoor pool Free! Open all year Cleaning daily Dining shallow area 24/ 7 reception wine | champagne For extra charge Wellness children's menu For extraCharge Security wellness center For extra Charge buffet Fire extinguishers sauna bar Smoke alarms restaurant safe Spoken languages ​​English Portuguese.
A valid photo ID and credit card must be presented upon check-in. Special requests are subject to availability and may incur additional charges upon arrival. This accommodation is operated by a professional caterer. This label is not relevant for taxes, including VAT and other "indirect taxes", but is required due to EU consumer protection law. You can find more information about thecaterer here: details of the caterers. The most common Hotel Boutique Hotel Boutiques Recanto da Passagem has its own restaurant? What programs does the hotel offer? How close is the hotel to the beach? To see more hotels and accommodations near popular attractions in Cabo Frio, click here. The best of CaboFrio: Click here for a list of the best hotels in the city.
