Cabo Frio Hotel Real (Hotel), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Deals See what guests loved the most: “Excellent service room excellent breakfast very good breakfast time very good for those who go to work haovd”eurlvtsie ·w 0 children · 1 roomInfo & prices Amenities House rules The fine print Guest reviews (436) Show translation Search HoteP lau Rlo eaBrlazil Rua Enfermeiro Ricardo Sanches 22, CaboFrio, CEP 28908-040, Brazil – Great location - show map “hotel in a very accessible location, the room and bathroom are very spacious and clean, there is parking,. there is Reserve Aftuemr bao vookriinegd,a adlel o df eth seu cporosp neort yc'asf éd ettaa imls,a innhcãlu .”ding telephone and address, are provided in your booking confirmation and your account. We Price Match Show translation Santos Brazil Very Good 8.5 436 reviews “Cozy room, bright environment and wonderful shower!” Show translation Fernandes Brazil “From the location,. the staff are very friendly, clean, quiet environment”
Set in Cabo Frio, Hotel Real has a bar, as well as free WiFi. Free parking available at the hotel conditioning, and some rooms are fitted with a balcony. Staff are willing to help at any time of the day at the reception. The property is 0.8 mi from Surf Museum and 0.9 mi from Top Location: Forte Beach. Couples in particular like the location – they rated it 8.5 for a two-person trip. Most popular amenities Free parking Free Wifi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Room service Facilities for disabled guests 24-hour front desk Air conditioning Elevator Breakfast Sign in, save money You could save 10% or more at this property when you sign in Sign in Create an account Availability We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices Check-in Date — Check-out Date. Reserve Guests at Hotel Real can enjoy a buffet breakfast. +23 photos Hotel Real Reserve now Gallery Close 녆 Very Good 8.3 out of 10.
2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Room Type Number of guests Deluxe Queen Room + Show price 1 queen bed King Suite with Spa Bath Show prices 1 king bed King suite Show prices1 king bed Luxury Quadruple Room × 5 + Show prices 1 twin bed and2 queen beds Guest reviews See availability 8.5 Very Good · 436 reviews Read all reviews Categories: Staff 8.8 Facilities 8.7 Cleanliness 8.9 Comfort8.8 Value for money 8.2 Location 8.4 Free Wifi8.2 Select topics to read reviews: Breakfast Room Location Parking Beach See what guests loved the most: Paulo Santos Fernandes Brazil Brazil Brazil “Excellent service room excellent breakfast very “hotel in a very accessible location, the room and bathroom is “Cozy room, good breakfast time, very good for those going to work”
Free parking Free Wifi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Room service Facilities for disabled guests 24-hour front desk Air conditioning Elevator Breakfast Bathroom Media & Technology Safety & security Toilet paper Flat-screen TV Fire extinguishers Towels Telephone Smoke alarms Private Bathroom TV Key card access Toilet 24- hours security Food & Drink Free toiletries Wine/Champagne Additional charge General Hairdryer Minibar Designated smoking area Shower Air conditioning Internet Bedroom Smoke-free property Wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge. Free private parking is available on site (reservation is Family rooms needed). Facilities fordisabled guests View Parking garage Non- smoking rooms City view View Services Accessibility Daily housekeeping Upper floors accessible by elevator Outdoors Baggage storage Balcony Spa Wake-up service Hot tub/Jacuzzi Additional charge Languages Spoken Room service Spanish Living Area Portuguese Desk Property practices This property told us they've implemented certain practices across some or all of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases, destination Learn more and community, and nature. Children 4 and above will be charged as adults at this property. Crib and extra bed policies 0 - 3 years Crib upon request Free 4+ years Extra bed upon request R$ 180 per person, per night.
Brazilian Federal Law 8.069/1990 states that minors under 18 years of age cannot check into hotels unless they are accompanied by their parents or a designated adult. The minimum age for check-in is 18. Pets are not allowed. Prices for cribs and extra beds aren't included in the total price. They'll have to be paid for separately during your stay. Parking is subject to availability due to limited spaces. Additional safety and sanitation measures are in effect at this property. Due to the coronavirus (COVID-19), wearing a face mask is mandatory in all indoor common areas. Please inform Hotel Real of your expected arrival time in advance. You can use the Special Requests box when booking, or contact the property directly using the contact details in your confirmation. Click here to see more hotels and accommodations near popular landmarks in Cabo Frio. How much does it cost to stay at Hotel Real? How far is Hotel Real from the center of CaboFrio? What type of room can I book at HotelReal? The Best of Caba Frio is a weekly travel guide to the best hotels and attractions in the Brazilian city and resort area. Visit CNN.com/CaboFrio for more travel news and information. The best way to stay in the city is to book a hotel room with a local travel agent or a travel agent that specializes in the area you are visiting, such as Ibiza, Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo, or Manaus.
