Hotel Real Rua Enfermeiro Ricardo Sanches is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Hotel Real is one of the most popular hotels in Brazil. The hotel is located on the banks of the Amazon River. It is the only hotel in the city of CaboFrio, which has a population of 1.2 million.
Hotel Real in Cabo Frio (Braga) has 50 air-conditioned rooms. Complimentary wireless internet access keeps you connected, and satellite programming is available for your Check-in entertainment. Private bathrooms have designer toiletries and hair dryers. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on Ferradura Beach. Government-issued photo identication and a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check-in for Take advantage of the hotel's room service (during limited hours). A complimentary bu et breakfast is served daily from 7 AM to 10 AM. This hotel is 12.7 mi (20.4 km) from Geriba Beach and 14.6 mi (23.5 km) away from Japanese Island. With a stay at Hotel Real, you'll be within a 5-minute drive of Forte Beach and Japanese Island, as well as Geriba and Guia Hill. This property accepts credit cards; cash is not accepted. For more information, or to book a room, call the hotel on +966554400000 or visit http://www.hotelreal.com/hotel-real-cabo-frio-braga-cabo- Frio-frio- Braga-Cabo-Frio-Braga-Hotel-Real-Bruno-Rocha-1-4-5-minute-drive-from-Geriba-Beach-2-mile-to-Guia-Hill-2.5-mile. For. more information on the Hotel Real in Braga, or for more information about the hotel, visit www.hotels-real.co.braga.com or for. more details on the hotel in Brazil, go to http:// www.HotelReal.com. Braga is a city in the South of Brazil.
Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 must present the. card with photo (passport, for example) at the check-in. People who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. No pets and no service animals are allowed at this property. Free self parking is available onsite. Parking height restrictions apply. Rollaway bed fee: BRL 150.0 per day. City/local tax: B RL 2.0 We have included all charges provided to us by the property. The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change. Similar properties: Paradiso Corporate - Cabo Frio Oásis CaboFrio Hotel Flat Mandai Av. Teixeira e Souza, 2011 Vereador Antonio Ferreira dos Santo 670 Av. Litorânea, 400 Fetching prices Fetched prices F fetching prices See rooms See rooms see rooms See hotel rooms See hotels See hotels see hotels Seehotels.com.au for more hotel options in Brazil.
Rua Zulmira Mendes 32 Av. Teixeira e Souza, 1056 booking +966554400000. Ferias do Massari Flamingo Beach Pousada Green Hoteis, 306 Rua. Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved.
