Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem (Hotel), Cape Frio (Brazil): offers "The most beautiful hotel right across from "Ilha do Japonês ". Breakfast was amazing and the facilities in the hotel were excellent. The staff is very..." Guest reviews Overview Information and prices Services House rules Important (429) Search Show translation Van Netherlands Near the beach Hotel Boutique recanto da passagem "I've had breakfasts in many countries around the world, and this one stands out as one of the best I've ever hRauda. TChoen sstealenctitnioon M oef nfoeoladu w, 3a9s, oKuatsbtoa nFdriijnugs,, wCiEthP a 2 w89id0e6 -v0a6r0ie,t yB roafz biloijath – s wNeueots taanbdi vsiaevtao u–r yro odpyttiio žnesm toė lcahpoįose Order now from. Cabo Frio Home Hotels Brazil Rio de Janeiro CaboFrio Check-in date — Check-out date Find out what guests liked the most: Hotel Boutiques Recanto d'Passagem, CapeFrio, Brazil: 9.7/10! http://www.hotelboutique.com/hotel/cabo-frio-home-hotel-cape-frio-brasileo-cabo-rio-de- Janeiro.html
Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem is located in
Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem is situated in Cabo Frio, 1.6 km from Water Square and 2 km from Forte Beach. Among the various facilities are an outdoor swimming pool and a garden. Staff on site can arrange a shuttle service for cars. At the hotel, rooms have a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV. The rooms come with air conditioning, and some units at Save your stay. Log in and save! You could save 10% or more at this property if you log in Log in Create an account Employment We compensate the price difference When you select your dates, you will see the following accommodation facility availability and prices. Check-in date — Check-out date. Check out date – Check- in date. Click here to book your stay at Hotel Boutique Recanto Da Passagem. Log into your account to use the advantages of the Accommodation, you only need to log in. You can get a Genius discount for your stay by logging in to your hotel account.
2 Adults · 0 Children · 1 Room Search Room Type Number of Guests Standard Double Room + Show Prices 1 Double Bed Deluxe Lake View + Show prices 1 DoubleBed Executive Suite Lake View Show Prices1 Large Double Bed Executive Suite Pool View Show prices1 large double bed Suite with pool view + Show price 1 large doubleBed Luxury suite with spa bath Show prices 2 double bed Triple room with pool views Show prices 1 double bed and 1 largedouble bed Guest reviews See availability 9, 4 Excellent · 429 reviews Read all reviews Categories: Staff 9.6 Amenities 9.7 Cleanliness 9,7 Comfort 9, 7 Value for money 9.0 Location 9.3 Free Wi-Fi 8.4 Good rating compared to other accommodations places in Cape Frijus Choose topics and read reviews: Breakfast Location Restaurant Room Bar Find out what guests liked the most: Van Rafael Gabriel Netherlands Brazil Brazil Brazil "The most beautiful hotel right across from "Ilha do Japonês". "Great hotel, very beautiful, t Breakfast was amazing and facilities in the hotel were super!"
Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem takes special requests! Specify them in the next step of the order. Free parking of the car in a private parking lot in the hotel area (reservation is not necessary). Bicycle tours For an additional fee Outdoor pool Free! Beach Services Open all year round Daily housekeeping services Lapping pool Food and beverages 24-hour front desk Wellness treatments Wine/Champagne Additional charge Children's menu Additional charge Security Spa and wellness center Additional charge Snack bar Fire extinguishers Sauna Bar Smoke detector Restaurant Safe Hotel languages ​​English Portuguese View availability House rules Children's accommodation regulations Children and beds Children of any age are welcome. Cancellation and prepayment policies vary by property. Please select the dates of your stay and check the cancellation policy of the desired room. See availability Cool facilities! Review Score: 9.6 Top Amenities Outdoor Pool Free Parking Beachfront Free Wi-Fi Family Rooms Restaurant Non-Smoking Rooms 24-Hour Front Desk Bar Great Breakfast Outdoor Entertainment Internet Basic Outdoor Furniture Wi- Fi is available throughout the hotel.
The minimum age to register must be 18 years. Pets are not allowed. Extra beds are not available at this property. All cots are subject to availability. The fee for baby cots is not included in the total amount, it will have to be paid separately during the stay. The available number of cots depends on the option you choose. The property is managed by a professional landlord. This classification has no impact on taxes, including VAT and other 'indirect taxes', but is mandatory under EU consumer protection laws. Pets Cash Accepted payment methods Important View availability Information for guests of this property to know Guests must present a valid photo ID and payment card upon check-in. Please note that special requests cannot be guaranteed and may incur additional costs. How far is Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem from the center of Cabo Frio? How much does it cost to stay in Cape Frize? Click here to see more hotels and accommodation near popular attractions in CapeFrize. The best of Cape Frizes: See more hotels, accommodation and attractions near the city center here.
