Hotel La Brise is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The hotel is one of the oldest hotels in the city. The property was built in the 19th century and is located on the banks of the Amazon River. It is the only hotel of its kind in the Brazilian city of CaboFrio. There are four rooms in the hotel, with a maximum of four each.
The preferred airport for Hotel La Brise is Rio de Janeiro (SDU- Beach Handicraft Market) This hotel is 12.8 mi (20.6 km) from Geriba Beach. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on and 14.7 mi (23.7km) from Ferradura Beach. Government-issued photo identication and a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check-in for Grab a bite to eat at Chez Albert, a restaurant which features a incidental charges bar/lounge, or stay in and take advantage of the room service. A complimentary bu et breakfast is served daily from 7:30 AM guaranteed to 10 AM. This property accepts credit cards, debit cards, and cash Rooms Check-in Special Instructions Make yourself at home in one of the 33 air-conditioned rooms featuring minibars. Cable television is provided for your entertainment. Bathrooms have showers and hair dryers. Conveniences include safes, and housekeeping is provided daily. Amenities You need to know Don't miss out on recreational opportunities including an outdoor pool and a steam room. Additional amenities at this hotel include a sauna, steam room, and a fitness center. The hotel is located in Cabo Frio (Algodoal) and is a 4-minute walk from Forte Beach and within a 5-minute drive of Check-In Instructions Japanese Island. It is located on the island of Guia Hill, which is popular with surfers and surfers. It also has a number of beaches, including the popular Itajuru Canal, which has a 1.9 km / 1.2 mi walk distance to the hotel. It has 33 air conditioning rooms, including two with private swimming pools. It's located on a beachside promenade with views of the Atlantic Ocean and the city of Porto Rocha, where you can see the city from the beach.
Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 complimentary wireless internet access, concierge services, and an identity arcade/game room. For international travels to Brazil, if just one of the parents is Business, and other amenities traveling with the child, she/heb moouksitn pgresent – in add+it9io6n6 5to54400000 Featured amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour the child's certificate of birth and identity card with photo – a front desk, and multilingual sta. A roundtrip airport shuttle is letter authorizing the trip signed by the other parent with a provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is notarial certication of signature. Service animals are exempt from fees. Guests can arrange to bring pets by contacting the property directly, using the contact information on the booking conroermation (surcharges apply and can be found in the Fees section). Fees and extras Optional fees Airport shuttle fee: BRL 50 per room (one-way) Pet fee: BRL 100.00 per pet, per day. Rollaway bed fee: BRL 88.55 per day, per night. The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change. You might be interested in these properties: Caribe Park Hotel Joalpa Hotel Cabo Frio Confortável e Bem Localizado, Av. Teixeira e Souza, Vereador Antonio Ferreira dos Santo.
Rua Alex Novelino n450 ap204 Retrieve my Fetchinbgo porikciensg +966554400000 Fetching prices See rooms See rooms View more properties Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved.
