Jubarte Hotel by Insólito (Hotel), Búzios (Brazil) “Excellent location; ok room size, excellent shower; great breakfast.” 2 adults · 0 children · 1 bedroom Bernardo Brasil Reviews Overview Information and prices Amenities House rules Guest details (722) Search “We were very well received, with guidance on Buzios, tour tips, etc... The Hotel is in a quieter area of ​​the city, good for rest and relaxation. Good breakfast and the possibility...” Seaside · Private beach Transfer (airport) JubaVraltdeerio HoRetineo lU nbidoy InsóLito 2 Rua e Village BúZios, Ferradura, Búxios, CEP 28950-000, Brazil – Excellent location - show the map Book now “The cleanliness, organization, attention of the staff. We were verywell received.’ “Very polite and helpful staff! The rooms are good, Praia highly rated, comfortable. The possibility of using the unusual facilities is very good!!” 8.9 in the region Andreia Brasil Show on map ‘The possibility. of using Insó lito’s common areas made all the difference’ Victor Brasil “ the service is exceptional! Everyone serves very well, with great cordiality. The suite is super comfortable and looks brand new! The breakfast is very complete and delicious! Being able to use...’ Fernanda Brasil
Jubarte Hotel by Insólito is located in the heart of
Jubarte Hotel by Insólito features accommodation with an outdoor swimming pool, free private parking, a garden and a terrace. The property has a restaurant, bar and this hotel has a great location score of 9.5 sauna. The accommodation offers a 24-hour reception, airport transfers, room service and free WiFi in all areas. All rooms include a wardrobe. Breakfast is served daily and includes buffet, continental and vegetarian options. You can pay in up to 5 interest-free installments for reservations over R$1,500. The area is popular for cycling. Popular points of interest near the hotel include Praia da Foca, Praia do Forno and Lagoa da Ferradura. Couples particularly like the location — they gave it a 9.6 rating for a trip for two. The nearest airport is Cabo Frio International Airport, 30 km from Jubarte Hotel. Sign in and save You You can save 10% or more on this property when you log in Login Create an account Availability We'll match the lowest price! Select dates to check availability and prices for this property. Check-in date — Check-out date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 bedroom Search Room type How many people? Superior Apartment + Show prices 1 large double bed 1 single bed and 1 largedouble bed Deluxe Apartment. Suite × 4 + Show Prices 1 singleBed and 1 big double bed.
Brazilian legislation allows you to cancel free of charge up to 7 days after booking. After this period, the chosen cancellation policy will apply. Accommodation has informed us that it has implemented certain practices in some or all of these categories: waste; water; energy and gas emissions. Find out more about the greenhouse effect; destination and community; and nature. See what guests liked best: Bernardo Valderio Evelyn Brazil United Kingdom Brazil “Excellent location; room size ok, shower “We were very well received, with guidance about Buzios, “The cleanliness, organization, excellent; great breakfast.” tips for tours, etc... The hotel is in a quieter area, very wellreceived” from the city, good for rest and relaxation. Good breakfast Find out. more and the possibility of using the facilities at Insolito Boutique...”find out more Read all reviews Questions and answers about the accommodation See availability Check out questions from other guests and find out moreAbout the accommodation The accommodation usually responds within a few days. Can you recommend or arrange transportation from Good Afternoon. Is payment for the stay in advance? A In the suite there are 2 bedrooms Rio DJ International Airport for you? Why is the charge made immediately after booking? March 13th or 14th Good afternoon, previs Good afternoon!
Jubarte Hotel by Insólito has 1 restaurant on site. Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas, Outside the accommodation free of charge. Free private parking available on site Outside the property (no reservation required). View of the inner courtyard Canoeing Additional charge Mountain view Services outside the accommodation Garden view Shuttle service Additional charge Windsurfing Additional charge Outside the hotel. Shopping delivery Daily cleaning service Picnic area Fishing Additional charge outside the property. Private beach TV Room service Covered terrace Pay-per-view channels Garden Reception services Invoice upon request. Private bathroom Wine/champagne Additional charge Pets allowed. Additional costs may be applied. Hotel surroundings Check availability / Restaurants 1 restauranton site A Galeria by Insowinito Open Breakfast • Brunch • Lunch • Dinner Family Atmosphere • Traditional • Modern • Romantic Amenities at Jubarte Hotel. Check availability Great amenities! Score: 9.4 Top Amenities Outdoor Pool Free Parking Free Wi -Fi Beachfront Family Rooms Airport Shuttle Restaurant Bar Private Beach Fabulous Breakfast Bathroom Room Amenities Food & Beverage Toilet paper Clothes rack On-site coffee shop Towels Fruit Additional charge pets Private bathroom.
Jubarte Hotel by Insólito takes special requests - add in the next step! From 3:00 pm Check-in Guests must present a photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Cancellation and prepayment policies vary depending on the type of accommodation. Security Accessibility Wellbeing Fire extinguishers Upper floors accessible only by Yoga classes staircase CCTV in common areas Spa/wellness packages Security alarm Outdoor pool Free! Lounge/relaxation area Key access Spa facilities Opening hours 24-hour security Umbrellas Open all year Safe Beach chairs/loungers For all ages Massage services Additional cost General Plunge pool Spa/Wellness center Additional cost Designated smoking area Shallow side Solarium Air conditioning Beach / pool towels Sauna Hypoallergenic room Swimming pool with bar Soundproof rooms Beach chairs / sun loungers Spoken languages ​​Family rooms Umbrella English Non-smoking rooms Spanish Portuguese / See Availability House rules Jubarte Hotel is located in the heart of the city of Buenos Aires, Argentina, and is located on the outskirts of the Costa del Sol.
In response to Coronavirus (COVID-19), additional safety and hygiene measures are being adopted at this property. Please inform Jubarte Hotel by Insólito in advance of your expected arrival time. To do so, you can use the Special Requests field when making your reservation or contact the property directly using the details provided in your booking confirmation. The best of: Búzios. Click here to see more hotels and accommodations near places of interest in the city of BúZios. For more information, or to book a room, visit Jubarte Hotel by Inlito in Búzio, or visit www.jubartehotel inlito.com.
