Luz do Sol Pousada (Lodging), offers in the city of 'Cabo Frio' (Brazil) "Da limpeza e hospitalidade, a Gisele is gentil e educada, nos tratou com muita cordialidade.” Rua Augusto Ruschi 11, Cabo Frio, CEP 28924-196, Brazil – Great location - show map Show translation After booking, you can find all information about the property, including phone number and address, in the booking confirmation and in your user account. R Rosangela Brazil Great 8.8 Categories: 4 reviews Staff 9.4 Amenities 7.5 Cleanliness 8.1 Comfort8.8 Close to beach with very 9.1 highly rated Value for money 7.8 Location 8.5 Location 8,8 Show on map CaboFrio Home Hotels Accommodations Brazil Rio de Janeiro State Cabo frio Check-in date — Check-out date See what guests liked most: Luz do SolPousada. House rules Find out more Guest reviews (4)
Luz do Sol Pousada is located in Cabo Frio, within 4.1 km of Japanese Island and 6.6 km of Municipal Theater. The property is located 6.7 km from Surf Museum, 7.2 km from Water Square and 8 km from Municipal Estadium Alair Correia. The inn has Find out everything you are interested in family rooms. If you have a question after booking, this property responds quickly. The Inn rooms have bed linen and towels. Dunes Park is 8.1km from the accommodation, while Geriba Lagoon is 19 km from the property. The nearest airport is CaboFrio International Airport, 11 km from Luz do SolPousada.
Free WiFi Family Rooms BBQ Facilities Non-Smoking Rooms Air Conditioning Breakfast Availability We will refund the difference in price Select dates to see availability and prices for this property. 2 Adults · 0 Children · 1 Unit Search Guest Reviews Show availability 8.8 Great · 4 reviews Show all reviews Categories: Staff 9.4 Amenities 7.5 Cleanliness 8.1 Comfort8.8 Value for money7.5 Location 8.7 See what guests liked best: Cristiane Rosangela R Brazil Brazil "Da limpeza e hospitalidade, a Gisele é gentil e educada, nos "Ambiente familiar, receptivo, limpo. tratou com muita cordialidade. And Giselle é note 10. 😀 Café da manhía delicioso”
Free WiFi throughout the unit is located on the ground floor Courtyard Wireless Internet access is available in the entire building barbecue equipment additional charge and not charged. Wellness garden Parking lot hydromassage tub/jacuzzi Parking lot not available. Service available in Portuguese House Rules Luz do Sol Pousada accepts special requests - add a request in the next step! From 14:00 to 20:00 Check-in Guests are required to present a valid photo ID and credit card at check-in. Children's beds and extra beds are not available in this facility. The minimum age for registration is 18. Pets are not allowed. Pets Cash Accepted payment methods Find out more Show availability Information that guests in this accommodation facility should know. It is not possible to hold stag, hen and similar parties in the facility. House order and peace applies between 22:00 and 08:00:00. Guests are kindly requested to inform LuzDoSolPousada of their expected arrival time in advance. They can enter their note in the special request field when booking or they can contact the property directly using the contact details provided in the booking confirmation. To display accurate prices and capacity information, add the number of children traveling with you and their ages to your search. Please note that all special requests are subject to availability and may incur additional charges.
This object is managed by the host (natural person) EU consumer protection laws relating to professional landlords may not apply. How far is Luz do Sol Pousada from the beach? How much does it cost to stay at LuzDoSolPousada? What are the activities offered by LuzdoSolPOUSada? How far are you from the center of 'Cabo Frio'? Find out more about the hotel at LuzdoOlivier.
