Mandai Apart (Aparthotel), Cabo Frio (Brazil) deals “Fully air-conditioned, cozy apartment just left wanting the stove. Everything is great, a little far from the shore2 daed ualltism ·e 0n tcahçiãldor e. nÓ ·t i1m rao loomcalizacao” overview Info & prices Facilities House rules The fine print Guest reviews (500) Show translation Search Fernanda Brazil Beachfront Mandai Apart “Located in front of the beach. The hygiene of the place. The super attentive staff. Everything was wonderful” 500 reviews Show translation Vanessa “I loved the installation, very cozy and excellent location.” Show translation Coelho Brazil Top-rated beach nearby 8.9 “Excellent Location close to Praia das Dunas’. Parking aAmVpElNo.I”DA LITORANEA, 400 EDIFICIO MANDAI, CaboFrio, CEP 28908-275, Brazil – Excellent location - show map Reserve <p>Sh<obw> Etraxncselallteionnt</b> location — rated 9.2/10!
Mandai Apart provides accommodation with free WiFi, a garden with an outdoor swimming pool, sea views, and access to a fitness room. Couples particularly like the location — they rated it 9.1 for a two-person trip. Free private parking available on-site. Free WiFi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Fitness centre 24-hour front desk Air conditioning Lift Sign in, save money You could save 10% or more at this property when you sign in Sign in Create an account Availability. Saved to 6421 lists Distance in property description is calculated using © OpenStreetMap Show me more Reliable info Most popular facilities Guests say the description and photos for this property are very accurate. +34 photos Mandai Apart Reserve now Gallery Close 녆 Fabulous 8.8 500 reviews Apartments Kitchen Sea view Garden Swimming Pool Free WiFi Balcony Free parking Air conditioning Private bathroom.
2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Accommodation Type Number of guests Apartment with Balcony × 4 + Show prices Bedroom :1 single bed and1 double bed Living room:1 sofa bed Apartment. with Sea View × 6 + Show Prices Bedroom 1:1. double bed Bedroom 2:2 single beds and1 futon bed living room: 1 sofa bed Guest reviews See availability 8.8 Fabulous · 500 reviews Read all reviews Categories: Staff 8.9 Cleanliness 8.7 Comfort 8.3 Location 9.2 Free WiFi 9.0 High score for Cabo Frio. We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices. Check-in date — Check-out date 2 adults ·0 children ·1 room Search accomodation Type number of guests Bedroom: 1 single bed, 1 double bed. Apartment: 2 single beds, 2 futon beds, 1 sofa beds. Two-Bedroom Apartment, 2 rooms, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 swimming pool, 1 terrace.
Booking.com rated the quality of this property as 3 out of 5 based on factors such as facilities, size, location and services provided. Outdoor swimming pool Free parking Beachfront Free WiFi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Fitness center 24-hour front desk Air conditioning Lift Parking Bathroom Outdoors Free private parking is possible on site (reservation is Toilet paper Beachfront not needed) . Towels Balcony Parking garage Private bathroom Garden Internet Hairdryer Outdoor swimming Pool Free! WiFi is available in public areas and is free of charge. Living Area Open all year Kitchen Dining area All ages welcome Sofa Coffee machine Wellness Seating Area Toaster Fitness Kitchenware Media & Technology Steam room Kitchen Cable channels Fitness center Microwave TV Sauna Refrigerator Kitchenette Room Amenities Activities Tile/marble floor Beach Bedroom Wardrobe or closet. The stove is wonderful. Everything is great, a little far from the seafront with super attentive staff. Ample parking.
Mandai Apart takes special requests - add in the next step! From 15:00 to 22:00 Check-in You'll need to let the property know in advance what time you'll arrive. Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodation type. A damage deposit of BRL 1000 is required. The property charges this 7 days before arrival. That's about GBP 147. This will be collected by credit Refundable card. You should be reimbursed within 7 days of check-out. Your deposit will be refunded in full via credit card, subject to an inspection of the property. Children 3 years and above will be charged as adults at this property. This property will not accommodate hen, stag or similar parties. There is no age requirement for check-in No age restriction. Smoking is not allowed. Parties/events are not allowed Parties Pets are notallowed. The ne print See availability Need-to-know information for guests at Mandai Apart. Air conditioning English non-smoking throughout Spanish Reception services Lift French Invoice provided Family rooms Portuguese 24-hour front desk Non-smoking rooms See availability House rules MandaiApart.com takes your payment on behalf of theproperty for this stay, but make sure you have cash for any extras once you get there. Payments by Booking.com take your payment in the form of a credit card.
How far is Mandai Apart from the centre of Cabo Frio? How many bedrooms doesMandai Apart have? What is there to do at Mandai apart? What are the check-in and check-out times at Mandi Apart? How much does it cost to stay at Manda Apart?
