MDJ Pousada is located in Cabo Frio, Brazil. The property is located on the banks of the Rio de Janeiro River. It is one of the most beautiful beaches in the city of CaboFrio. There are four rooms, with a maximum of four choices for each room. There is a swimming pool, a spa, a gym, a tennis court and a bowling alley.
MDJ Pousada is located near Sao Bento Beach in Cabo Frio, Brazil. The guesthouse is 15.5 mi (24.9 km) from Rua das Pedras and 12.3 mi (19.8 km) away from Geriba Beach. The property accepts credit cards, debit cards, and cash. A complimentary buet breakfast is served daily from 7 AM to 9 AM. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on the length of the stay. Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 Business, and other amenities years must present the child's birth certificate and an identity card at check-in for Take advantage of the guesthouse's room service. Cable television is provided for your Check-in Special Instructions entertainment. Bathrooms have showers and complimentary toiletries. Front desk sta will greet guests on arrival. and housekeeping is provided daily. You need to know wireless internet access and tour/ticket assistance. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org for details. In the U.S. call the National Suicide Prevention Line on 1-800-273-8255 or visit http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/. For confidential. support in the United States, call the Salvation Army on 1 (800) 273-TALK (8255). In the UK, contact the National suicide Prevention Lifeline on 0800-825-7255 or click here for information on how to get in touch with Samaritans. For the full list of attractions, visit the Portugal Tourist Information Center (PSTIC) or the Portugal Tourism Office (PTI). For more information on the PSC, visit www.pstic.org.
The Malibu Palace Hotel Hotel Solar do Arco Pousada Porto Fino is located in Praia do Forte Rua Constantin Menelau, 48 Rua Jorge Lossio 160. A roundtrip airport shuttle is traveling with the child, she/he must present – in addition to available for a surcharge – a letter authorizing the trip. One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. The property allows pets in speci c rooms only and has other pet restrictions (surcharges apply and can be found in the Fees section). Guests can arrange to bring pets by contacting the property directly, using the contact information on the booking con meticulouslyrmation. Service animals are exempt from fees. Early check-in is available fora fee (subject to availability) Late check-out is Available for a fee ( subject toavailability) The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change. Similar properties You might be interested in these properties: Tri at Nova Onda Hotel Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem and Tri Nova Onda Hotel Bruno Onda are both located in the city of Porto Alegre, in the state of São Paulo.
R. R. Francisco Mendes R. Florismundo Baptista Machado Rua Constantino Menelau 39. Retrieve my Fetchinbgo porikciensg +966554400000 Fetching prices See rooms See rooms see rooms View more properties Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved
