Nova Onda Hotel R. Florismundo Baptista Machado is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The hotel is one of the most luxurious hotels in Brazil. It is located on the coast of the island of Sao Paulo in the South of Brazil. For more information, visit the hotel's website or call +966554400000. For additional information, or to book a room, call the concierge on the property's website.
Nova Onda Hotel is located in the heart of Cabo Frio, within a 15-minute walk of Forte Beach and Japanese Island. The hotel is 15.3 mi (24.7 km) from Rua das Pedras and 12.3 Mi (19.8 Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on km) This property accepts credit cards, debit cards, and cash Rooms Cashless transactions are available Safety features at this property include a re extinguisher, a Make yourself at home in one of the 77 air-conditioned rooms security system. Complimentary wireless internet access is available to keep you connected. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and held daily. Relax with a refreshing drink at the bar/lounge, the may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be poolside bar, or one of 10 beach bars. Enjoy a meal at the restaurant or snacks in the hotel's co ee incidental charges shop/cafe. Mingle with other guests at the complimentary reception, and hold a special request for special amenities. This property doesn't o re after-hours check- in. Front desk sta ty will greet guests on arrival. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from. Return to the site you came From. Back To the page You came from, back to MailOnline home. Backto the pageYou came from,. Back to thepage you camefrom, Back to The page You Came From, Back To The page you were from,Back to The Page You Came from,back to the Page You Went From,Back To The Page you went from, you can click here for more information on how to book your stay at the Nova Onda hotel. You can also call the hotel on +966554400000 to make a reservation for your stay. You will need a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit to stay at this hotel.
The Pousada Brasil Nativo Hotel has a 24-hour front desk and an elevator. Free valet parking is available onsite. One child 7 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. No pets and no service animals are allowed at this property. Cashless payment methods are available for all transactions and guests can access their rooms with a mobile device. For international travels to Brazil, if just one of the parents is traveling with the child, she/he must present – in addition to the child's certiCate of birth and identity card with photo – a letter authorizing the trip signed by the other parent with a notarial certication of signature. People who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. You need to know Business, and other amenities, at the Malibu Palace Hotel Hotel Solar do Arco in Porto Fino, Brazil. For more information on this property, visit the Hotel Solardo Arco's website or visit the hotel's official website at: http://www.malibu-palace-hotel.com/hotel-solar-do-arco.
+966554400000 Call us at: +966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved. Retrieve my bookings by clicking here.
