Paradiso Peró Praia Hotel (Hotel), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Rooms on second floor with seaview are exceptional. Staff very helpful and fri2e naddluy.l tvs e· r0y cghoiolddr ebnre ·a 1k fraosotm. “It met my expectations, everything was wonderful from breakfast, cleanliness and service, I hope to come back again.” Wonderful 9.3 544 reviews Show translation Célia Brazil “The hotel is satisfactory, good location and clean and has a good restaurant” Raquel Brazil Top-rated beach nearby 9.1 “Wonderful hotel. The room is beautiful, especially the stunning view from the balcony. We will be back!” SAhvo. wD traanssiola Stioonlon Ribeiro, S/N - Lote 23 Quadra 37, Cabo. Frio, CEP 28924-178, Brazil – Excellent location – rated 9.4/10! Reserve <p>LEaxícsellenBtr<a/zbil> location - rated 9-4-10! “The ubication, the installations, the pile and the beach service of all 10” “I love the beach. It’s so beautiful”
+37 photos Paradiso Peró Praia Hotel Reserve now Gallery Close 녆 Wonderful
Located in Cabo Frio, Paradiso Peró Praia Hotel offers beachfront accommodations 984 feet from Pero Beach. This 4-star hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, a garden and room service. All rooms are Buffet fitted with air conditioning, and some rooms have a balcony with sea views. Couples in particular like the location – they rated it 9.4 for a two-person trip. Both Brava beach and Japanese Island are 2.5 mi from the accommodations. Galeão Rio de Janeiro's International Airport is 102 mi away. Free private parking available at the hotel Reserve. A buffet breakfast is available every morning at the property. The on-site restaurant serves Brazilian cuisine. The property offers homemade cakes, a variety of breads, juices and regional delicacies. Guests can make use of the sauna and kids can benefit from the kids' club. There are no smoking rooms, and facilities for disabled guests are available. There is no free parking, but there is free Wi-Fi in the hotel reserve. The hotel has a 24 hour front desk and a garden, and there are nosmoking rooms, so guests can enjoy room service at the front desk 24 hours a day, seven days a week. For more information on the hotel, visit www.paradisoperópraia.com or call 1-800-944-9242.
Paradiso Peró Praia Hotel has 544 reviews on TripAdvisor. The hotel is located on the beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It has 1 Restaurant On Site and 1 Restaurant #1 Cuisine. It is one of the most popular hotels in the city, with more than 1,000 guests a night. It also has a swimming pool and is located in the heart of the city's beach area. It was built in the 1970s, and is the first of its kind in the area. The property is located near the city centre, with views of the beach and the city center. There is no direct access to the city from the hotel, but you can walk to the beach from the nearby airport. There are no air conditioning or running water, but there is a heated swimming pool. The pool is equipped with a heated pool, and the hotel has a hot tub.
Paradiso Peró Praia Hotel takes special requests – add in the next step! Crib and extra bed policies Cribs and extra beds aren't available at this property. There's no age requirement for check-in. Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. Free parking Beachfront Free Wifi Restaurant Non-smoking rooms Room service Facilities for disabled guests Bar Wonderful Breakfast Bathroom Media & Technology General Toilet paper Flat-screen TV Air conditioning Towels Cable channels Smoke-free property Private Bathroom TV Elevator Toilet Facilities fordisabled guests Food & Drink Free toiletries Non- smoking rooms Bar Hairdryer Minibar Accessibility Shower Restaurant Lowered sink Bedroom Raised toilet Internet Linens Toilet with grab rails Wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge. Free private parking is available on site (reservation is View). Open all year Outdoors Valet parking Pool with view Parking garage Outdoor furniture Shallow end Electric vehicle charging station Beachfront Swimming pool toys Accessible parking Garden Pool/Beach towels Services Room Amenities Pool bar Daily housekeeping Fenced pool Socket near the bed Lockers Spa Pets Baggage storage Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply. Wake-up service Fitness Steam room Laundry Additional charge Activities Beach umbrellas Wake- up service/Alarm clock Beach Fitness center 24-hour front desk Kids' club Sauna Room service Pool table Languages Spoken Safety & security Game room English Fire extinguishers Living Area Spanish CCTV in common areas Desk Portuguese 24- hour security Safe See availability House rules Paradiso Pero Praia hotel takes special request – add the next page!
Children until 5 years old can stay for free if sleeping on the same bed as their parents and only one per unit. Only small dogs with maximum weight of 10 kg are allowed at the property, upon a daily charge. In response to the coronavirus (COVID-19), additional safety and sanitation measures are in effect at this property. Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply. restriction Pets Cash Accepted payment methods The ne print See availability Must-know information for guests at thisproperty. No age Pets areallowed on request; charges may apply; contact the property for further details. All minors under 18 years of age also need to present a valid ID with photo, to prove their identity and that of their parents. This must be presented even if a minor is accompanied by his/her parents. In the case of a minor accompanied by only one of the parents, it is necessary toPresent a notarized authorization signed by the absent parent, along with aNotarized copy of that parent's ID. The Best of Cabo Frio Click here to see more hotels and accommodations near popular landmarks in CaboFrio. What type of room can I book? What are the check-in and check-out times at Paradiso Peró Praia Hotel? How much does it cost to stay at the hotel? How far is the hotel from the center of Cabe Frio? What is there to do at the Hotel?
