Perohouse (Vacation Home), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Deals “Wonderful, super comfortable amazing place already I want to come back, we loved it 🥰” 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Show translation Vacation Home Info & Overview Amenities House rules The fine print Guest reviews (11) Alan Brazil Price Search Beachfront “Large, spacious house and excellent location. Everything that Perohouse agreed upon was fulfilled. I hope to return soon.” Viviane Brazil “Excellent location. The leisure area around the pool is very good. Comfortable rooms. Worth it” Top-rated beach nearby 9.1 Paulo Brazil Show on map “Comfortable house, very spacious, beautiful, very well structured. Excellent location, we haven’t taken the car out for anything since the day we arrived” Book your vacation home stay <p><b>A En xt co eni lo lent<B/bra>z lilocation – rated 9.3/10! <small>(score from <b>11</b> reviews)</small></p> “Location, household appliances, swimming pool , sauna, showers, bed, air conditioning and games room. The house is wonderful. Very Good 8.0”
Perohouse is located in Cabo Frio. The beachfront property offers access to a patio, a pool table, free private parking and free WiFi. Boasting a Blu-ray player, the holiday home has a kitchen with a microwave, a fridge and an oven, a living room Reserve with a seating area and a dining area, 4 bedrooms, and 5 bathrooms. Spa and wellness facilities including a hammam, a sauna and a hot tub are at guests' disposal during their stay at Saved to 359. Sign in, save money. You could save 10% or more at this property when you sign in Sign in Create an account. Save the property. +37 photos Perohouse Reserve now Gallery Close 녆 Very Good 8.0 11 reviews Entire home 6458 ft² size Kitchen City view Garden Pet friendly Swimming pool BBQ facilities Washing machine Free Wifi You're eligible for a Genius discount at Perohouses! To save at thisproperty, all you have to do is sign in. +38 photos Pero is 98 feet from Pero, while Conchas Beach is 2625 feet from the accommodations. The nearest airport is CaboFrio International Airport, 9.3 mi from the accommodation.
Cabo Frio is a four-bedroom house in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The house is located in a prime location near the beach. The property is fully equipped with four bedrooms, four bathrooms and a kitchen. There is free Wi-Fi, but no air conditioning or running water. There are no children in the house, but there is a small children's play area. The only thing you need to know about the house is that it is heated with 110V and 220V electricity. It is possible to rent out the house for up to three nights at a time, depending on the length of the stay and the number of people staying in the home. The price of the house includes the living room, the kitchen, the dining room and the living area. It also includes the kitchen and a living room sofa bed.
Outdoor swimming pool Free parking Beachfront Free Wifi Family rooms BBQ facilities Non-smoking rooms Facilities for disabled guests Air conditioning Parking Media & Technology Spa Free private parking is available on site (reservation is Streaming service (like Netflix) Steam room not needed). Flat-screen TV Spa facilities Accessible parking Satellite channels Beach chairs/Loungers Internet Video Turkish/Steam Bath Wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge. Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply. Outdoor & View Iron Microwave Inner courtyard view Hot tub Refrigerator City view Pets Landmark view Bedroom. View Towels/Sheets (extra fee) Outdoors Building Characteristics Bathtub or shower Picnic area Detached Private Bathroom Outdoor furniture Toilet Entertainment & Family Services Beachfront Spa tub Baby safety gates Outdoor dining area Hairdryer Board games/Puzzles Terrace Bathtub Books, DVDs or music for children. Private pool Karaoke Living Area BBQ facilities Dining area Patio Miscellaneous Balcony Sofa Wheelchair accessible Garden Sitting area Air conditioning Common Areas Family rooms Game room Non- smoking rooms Outdoor swimming pool free! Safety & security Open all year Safe All ages welcome. Spoken Fenced pool Portuguese Property practice.
Booking.com takes your payment for this stay on behalf of the property, but make sure you have cash for any extras once you get there. The minimum age for check-in is 18. Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply. This property told us they've implemented a practice in one of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases, destination and community, or Learn more nature. See availability House rules Perohouse takes special requests – add in the next step! From 12:30 PM to 1:00 PM Check-in You need to let the property know what time you'll be arriving in advance. From 8:00 AM to 8:30 AM Check-out Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. Please enter the dates of your stay and check what conditions apply to cancellation/ your preferred room. Prepayment and cancellation policies vary depending on the room you are staying in. The ne print see availability. Thene print sees you add the number and ages of children in your group to your search. You can use the Special Requests box when booking, or contact the property directly using the contact details in your confirmation. Crib and extra bed policies Cribs and extra beds aren't available at this property.
How close to the beach is Perohouse? Do they have a hot tub for their guests? What is there to do at Peroh House? How many bedrooms does have PerohHouse have?
