Pier Beach Club Rua dos Atobás, 15, is located in Cabo Frio, Brazil. The Pier Beach Club is one of Brazil's most exclusive beach clubs. The club is located on the banks of the Rio de Janeiro River. The beach club is known as one of the most exclusive beaches in the city of CaboFrio. It is located near the center of the city, and is known for its nightlife.
Stay at Pier Beach Club in Cabo Frio, just a 1-minute walk from Dunas de CaboFrio and 8 minutes by Check-in Instructions foot from Foguete Beach. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on Forte Beach and 15.1 mi (24.3 km) from Geriba Beach. Guests must contact the property in advance for check-in view from a garden. instructions. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Enjoy recreation amenities such as an outdoor pool or take in the beach-side entertainment. A Special requests are subject to availability and may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be 10:30 AM. guaranteed This property accepts credit cards, debit cards, and cash Rooms Cashless transactions are available Safety features at this property include a smoke detector Make yourself at home in one of the 17 air-conditioned guestrooms. The beach pousada is 3 mi (4.8 km) away from the hotel. The hotel is located in the town of Cabo frio, in the southern part of the island of São Paulo, about 30 minutes from the capital city of Porto Alegre. The property is located on the beach, just one mile (1.5 km) south of the city's main port. It has 17 guestrooms and a bar/lounge, with complimentary breakfast served daily from 7:00 AM to 10:00 am. It is located near a number of popular beaches, including Pontal Beach, Lagoa De Araruama, Siqueira Beach, and Dunas Beach. A special breakfast is served at the hotel every day from 7-10am, with a complimentary Wi-Fi connection. The resort is located close to the beach and is just a few miles from the town's main beach, Geriba beach, and Pontal beach. It also has a municipal stadium, a church, a park, and a park.
Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 years must present the child's birth certiCate and an identity card with photo at the check-in. One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. Each guestroom is kept vacant for a minimum of 24 hours between bookings. This property welcomes guests of all sexual orientations and gender identities (LGBTQ+ friendly). Fees and extras Optional fees Pet fee: BRL 240 per pet, per day Service animals are exempt from fees Rollaway bed fee: BRL 250 per day The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change. The property advises that enhanced cleaning and guest safety measures are currently in place. Disinfectant is used to clean the property, and commonly- touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant between stays. Social distancing measures are in place; guests are provided with hand sanitizer; cashless payment methods are available for all transactions. reservations are required for some onsite facilities. Individually-wrapped food options are available to guests for breakfast. A roundtrip airport shuttle is available for a surcharge, and free self parking is available onsite. You need to know booking +966554400000 Parents must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. For international travels to Brazil, if just one of the parents is traveling with the child, she/he must present a letter authorizing the trip signed by the other parent. In case the parents or the legal guardian cannot or are unwilling to give this authorization, a judicial authorization is required.
Paradiso Corporate - Cabo Frio Oásis CaboFrio Hotel Pousada Algarve Av. Teixeira e Souza, 2011 Vereador Antonio Ferreira dos Santo 670 Avenida das Flores 16. Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved. See more properties at: +966554400000.
