Pousada Porto Fino is located in the Cabo Frio region of Brazil. The property is one of the most sought-after properties in the region. It is located on the banks of the river Pousada Fino, which flows through the center of the town. The town is known for its sandy beaches, which can be easily seen from the property. It also has some of the best beaches in the area.
Stay at Pousada Porto Fino in Cabo Frio (Cabo Frio Centro) Stay within a 10-minute walk of Forte Beach and Parish Our Lady of the Assumption. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Breakfast is served daily from 7:30 AM to incidental charges 10:00 AM. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be Rooms guaranteed This property accepts credit cards and cash Make yourself at home in one of the 29 air-conditioned rooms. Cashless transactions are available featuring minibars and at-screen televisions. Take advantage of recreation opportunities such as bicycles to rent, You need to know or other amenities including complimentary wireless Internetaccess and an arcade/game room. Retrieve my booking +966554400000 Attractions Points of interest Distances are displayed to the nearest 0.1 mile and kilometer. Japanese Island - 0.9 km / 0.5 mi Forte beach -0.6 km /0.4 mi Aguas Square - 1.2 km / 1.7 mi Surf Museum - 0.7 km / 0.9 mi Fonte do Itajuru Park - 1.4 km / 0 9 mi About the property Property policies Property description Check-in: From 02:00 pm Location Check-out: Until12:00pm. Property policy Government-issued photo identication and a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check- in for a complimentary buet breakfast is served. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on km. This pousada is 12.2 mi (19.6 extra-person costs) from Geriba Beach and 15.2mi (24.5 km) from Rua das Pedras.
Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 Business, and other amenities years must present the Rbeirttrhie cveer tmiycate and an identity card. Free valet parking is available onsite. One child 3 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. enhanced cleaning and guest safety measures are currently in place. Disinfectant is used to clean the property; commonly-touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant between stays. bed sheets and towels are laundered at a temperature of at least 60°C/140°F. Social distancing measures are in place; staigenous at the property wear personal protective equipment. Cashless payment methods are available for all transactions; masks are required in public areas. Contactless check-in and contactless Check-out are available. The hotel is located in Praia do Forte Rua Constantin Menelau, 48 Rua Florismundo Baptista Machado, 90 Fetching prices FetchING prices F fetching prices See rooms See rooms see rooms See hotel rooms see hotel rooms See hotels See hotels see hotels See hotel room rooms Seehotels.com. Brazil's consulate advises that people who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. For. international travels to Brazil, if just one of the parents is traveling with the child, she/heb moouksitn pgresent – in add+it9io6n6 5to54400000 the child's certiigenouscate of birth and identity card with photo.
Fetching prices can be ordered by calling +966554400000. Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved. See more properties. Retrieve my Fetching Prices.
