Pousada La Portella is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is one of the most beautiful beaches in the city of Rio. The property is located on the banks of the river Pousada, which runs through the center of the city. There are four rooms, with the maximum number of rooms being four. There is a swimming pool, a spa, a gym and a spa.
Pousada La Portella in Cabo Frio (Cabo Frio Centro) is within a 5-minute walk of Parish Our Lady of the Assumption. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on (0.9 km) from Forte Beach and 12 mi (19.4km) from Geriba Beach. complimentary wireless Internet access and tour/ticket assistance. 32-inch at-screen televisions with cable programming provide entertainment. complimentary bu et breakfast is served daily from 7:30 AM to 10 incidental charges AM. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be Rooms guaranteed This property accepts credit cards. Cashless transactions are available featuring refrigerators and minibars. The pousada is 0.6 mi away from the city center and is located in the central part of the city, near the beach and the Itajuru Canal. There are 9 air-conditioned rooms, and housekeeping is provided daily. For more information, or to book a room, call +966554400000 or visit www.cabo-frio.com/. For more info on the pousadas in the area, visit the Cabo-Frio-Centro website or click here for more information on the Pousada la Portella (Pousadas) in the city of Cabo Frio, or visit http://www.cabo-frigo-centro.com/pousada-la-portella-in-Cabo- Frio- Centro-PousADA-La-Portella.html. For. more information about the other pousads in the region, visithttp://www-cabo.cfo.com.uk/. For. other information about pousados in the country, click here.
Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 Business, and other amenities years must present the. Rbeirttrhie cveer tmi ycate and an identity. Amenities include dry cleaning/laundry services, a 24-hour card with photo (passport, for example) at the check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is international travels to Brazil, if just one of the parents is traveling with the child, she/heb moouksitn pgresent – in add+it9io6n6 5to54400000 available for a surcharge. People who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. This property advises that enhanced cleaning and guest safety measures are currently in place. Disinfectant is used to clean the property; commonly-touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant between stays; bed sheets and towels are laundered at a temperature of at least 60°C/140°F. Social distancing measures are in place; guests are provided with hand sanitizer; cashless payment methods are available for all transactions; masks are required in public areas. Contactless check- in and contactless check out are available. The property is located in Praia do Forte Rua Constantin Menelau, 48 Vereador Antonio Ferreira dos Santo 670 Fetching prices are available at the hotel. For front desk, and multilingual sta.ly, visit the hotel's website.
Fetching prices See rooms See rooms see rooms booking +966554400000 View more properties Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
