Pousada On Shore is located in the Cabo Frio region of Brazil. The property is located on the coast of the island of Rua Das Papoulas, 20 miles from the town of Pousada. There are four rooms to choose from, with a maximum of four rooms per room. There is no swimming pool or spa on the property. The hotel is fully equipped with a swimming pool and spa.
Pousada On Shore is just steps from Dunas de Cabo Frio and Foguete Beach. This beach pousada is 3.3 mi (5.3 km) from Forte Beach. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on Geriba Beach. Government-issued photo identication and a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check-in for. Complimentary wireless Internet access is Check-in Special Instructions available to keep you connected. A complimentary full breakfast is served may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be daily from 7:00 AM to 10:00am guaranteed. This property accepts credit cards, debit cards, and cash. Safety features at this property include a re extinguisher and a smoke detector. Make yourself at home in one of the 12 air-conditioned rooms featuring minibars. Wrap up your day with a special request at the bar/lounge or stay in incidental charges and take advantage of the room service. The front desk is open daily from 6:30 AM - 11:00 PM. Enjoy recreation amenities such as bicycles to rent or take in the view from a garden. Front desk sta will greet guests Amenities on arrival. Additional features include complimentary wireless Internetaccess and concierge services. The property doesn't o er after-hours checked-in or check-out until 12:00pm. It is located on the shore of the island of CaboFrio, about 20 miles from the city of Porto Alegre, the capital of the state of São Paulo, and about 15.4 mi (24.8 km) away from the town of Geriba. The hotel is located in a prime location on the beach, just steps away from two of the most popular beaches in the island, Forte and Prainha. For more information on this property, visit: www.pousadaonshore.com.
Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 must present the child's birth certi cate and an identity lockers. A roundtrip airport shuttle is available for a surcharge. People who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. Disinfectant is used to clean the property; commonly-touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant between stays. bed sheets and towels are laundered at a temperature of at least 60°C/140°F. Individually-wrapped food options are available for breakfast. Each guestroom is kept vacant for a minimum of 24 hours between bookings. An eective city/local tax rate of 5.0 percent will be charged. We have included all charges provided to us by the property. See rooms See rooms see rooms. See hotels in Brazil for more details on the Pier Beach Club Pousada Jataí, 15 R. dos Atobás, 20 - Praia do Foguete Rua dos atobas, 22 Fetching prices for rooms at the property are between $100 and $200 per night, depending on the room type and the length of the stay. For more information, visit www.pierbeachclubpousada.com. Brazilian consulate: http://www.brussels-cnn.com/2013/01/08/18/brasilia-guest-hotel/index.html#storylink=cpy.
Cabo Frio Oásis Cabo Frio Hotel Pousada Algarve is one of Portugal's most luxurious hotels. The hotel is located in the town of Teixeira e Souza, near the city of Vila do Conde. It is located on the island of Pousada Algarve, in the north of the Algarves.
