Pousada Vida Boa is located in Cabo Frio, Brazil. It is one of the most beautiful beaches in the country. The property is located on the coast of the state of Rua da Luz. There are four rooms, with a maximum of one per room. There is a swimming pool, a spa, a tennis court, a gym and a billiards room. You can also add another room ( 4 maximum)
Stay in one of 22 guestrooms featuring LCD televisions. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Breakfast is served daily from 8 AM to 10 incidental charges AM. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on (21 km) from Geriba Beach. Government-issued photo ID and a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check-in for a complimentary buciaet breakfast. Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 common area. years must present the child's birth certi cate and an identity and an ID card. The pousada is 1.2 mi (2km) from Forte Beach and 13 mi from Alair Correia Municipal Stadium. It is located in the municipality of Cabo Frio (Braga), in the state of Braga, in the region of the same name as Braga. The property accepts credit cards; cash is not accepted. For more information, or to book a room, call +966554400000 or visit www.pousada Vida Boa.com.braga. Portuguese: "Pousada Vieira Boa" or "Vieira Vieira de Boa," which means "New Pousada" in Braga Spanish: "New Place to Stay" and "Vueira" in Portuguese. For. more information about the property, visit http://www.cabo-frio.com/pousadas/vida-veida-boa/ or www.cfo-veira-de-boo.co.uk/. For more. information on the pousadas in the same region of Brazil, go to www.vieira-vespa.com/. For. information about Cabo-Frio, click here. for a list of the main attractions in the area.
No pets and no service animals are allowed at this property. One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room. Disinfectant is used to clean the property; commonly-touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant between stays. Guests are provided with hand sanitizer. Rollaway beds are available for an additional fee. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change. People who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. Social distancing measures are in place; staples at the property wear personal protective equipment. The above list may not be comprehensive and is not meant to be a comprehensive list of all properties in Brazil. For Business, and other amenities international travels to Brazil, go to http://www.cabo Frio.com.br/. For more information on the Mar de Cabo Frio Hotel, visit http:// www.cabo frio.gov.br/hotels/mar-de-cabo-frio-hotel. For more info on the Mandai Ferias do Massari Flamingo Beach Pousada, visit www.mandai-massari.com/flamingo-beach-pousada. For additional information on these properties, visit the Portuguese hotel Hotel.
Litorânea, 400 R. Florisbela Pena 306 Rua Zulmira Mendes 32 booking +966554400000. Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved. Retrieve my Av.
