Pousada Sun Victory External score 88% Cabo Frio, Brazil HALAL-FRIENDLY FEATURES Halal Food Free regLisetisraurtieo fnor Ladies and Family Register for free to get instant access to discounts. Unlock Gold member deals now! By registering I accept HalalBooking’s Terms of Use and Privacy & Cookie Policies. EN-US $ HB Loyalty Club Sign in or Register HHoommee BBrraazziill RRiioo ddee JJaanneeiirroo CCaabboo FFrriioo PPoouussaaddaa SSuunn VViiccttoorryy 97 more photos Pousadasunvictory.com.
Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on HalalBooking.com. If you are a human, ignore this field. By registering I accept Hal
Pousada Sun Victory in Cabo Frio is a 1-minute drive from Pero Beach and 12 minutes from Conchas Beach. This hotel is 2.3 mi (3.7 km) from Japanese Beach Pool Wellness & Spa Island and 2.9 mi (4.7km) from Rua dos Biquínis. Portuguese is the only language spoken at the hotel, which is located on the island of Pousada Frio.
Pousada Sun Victory has 2 pools incidental charges. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on Free registration property policy Register for free to get instant access to discounts. Government-issued photo identification and a credit card, POOLS If you are a human, ignore this field debit card, or cash deposit may be required. Pet fee: BRL 100 per pet, per night. Outdoor Service animals are exempt from fees. The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and aresubject to change. 24-hour front desk. On-site GUEST services 24- hours front desk, non-smoking throughout. Beach towels. Non-smoking in the steam room. No smoking in the saunas. No drinking in the snack bar. No swimming in the children's pool. No showers in the men's or women's locker rooms. No towels in the women's or men's showers. No shampoo or conditioner in the showers. The men's and women's changing rooms are located in the same room. The women's and men's rooms share a shared lounge/TV area, Non- smoking throughout. The children's room is located in a separate room. There are no showers or conditioners in the Men's and Women's rooms. There is no massage room or steam room in the Women's and Men's Sauna. The spa is located on the second floor of the Cabo Frio hotel. The restaurant is on the third floor and is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Pool access available from 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM. One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing reception services. Guests can arrange to bring pets by contacting the Any cleaning services offered at Pousada Sun property directly, using the contact information on the Victory? booking confirmation (surcharges apply and can be found in the Fees section) Parking height restrictions apply. Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. Is Internet/Wifi available at P Mousada Sun Victory? Pool access is available from 8:30 AM to 10:30 PM. Parking is available on a limited number of levels, depending on the length of the stay. There is no swimming pool on the property, but there is a pool with a 24-hour fitness center. The pool is located on the second floor of the hotel and is open from 8am to 6pm. The hotel is located in the heart of the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is one of the largest hotels in the city, with more than 1,000 rooms.
HalalBooking is a trading name of Halal Booking Ltd. U.S. registered +44 (20) 39 8486 60 trademark number: 6,473,837. All rights reserved. Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on HalalBookering.com. Back to the page you came from.
