Pousada Espirito do Mar (Lodging), offers in the city of 'Cabo Frio' (Brazil) "Sim bom café da manhía Excele2n oted rloacsalihliz ·a 0ç ãdoje.ce · 1 unit Piscina lPimrepgal eed ambiente agradáInvfeolr.m” ations and prices Facilities House rules Find out more Guest reviews (171) Search Show translation Beachside Hygino Brazil „RFuáaci lA anceeqsusiom p, r1a0 9q,u Paleqruoe, rC luagbaor Fdroio p, eCrEó,P m 2u8i9to2 3o-r4g2a0n,i zBardaoz,i lb –o nIzitvor,s ncoan lofokratácvijeal -e p arickoanžci hkeagrtaunte.” Book <p>Pr<ikba>žIi zpvrirjsenvoad </b> location — rating 9.5/10! <small>(based on <b>171</b> reviews)</small></p> "Close to the beach with a very 9.1 Gilda Brazil high rating “Pousadas limpa, funcimientos atenciosos e espetacular localização” Show on the map Show translation Jefferson Brazil "Localizaçao excellente e funcIMiento muito atenCIosos."
Pousada Espirito do Mar is one of Brazil's most famous beaches. The
Pousada Espirito do Mar boasts an Outdoor pool and views of the sea. Rooms come with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels. Free private parking is available on site. Couples especially liked the location - they rated it 9.8 for their trip. 8.2 171 reviews Set in Cabo Frio in the Rio de Janeiro State Region, 50 meters from the beach. Free WiFi is available within the facility. parking Bukiraj There is a 24-hour front desk at the property. Reception (24h) air conditioning. Very good breakfast. We compensate the difference in price Select dates to see availability and prices of this facility. Check-in date — Check-out date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 unit Search Type of accommodation unit Number of guests Standard double room with double bed + Show prices 1 double bed or 2 beds for 1 person. Standard triple room + Show Prices 1 bed for 2 people or 3 people. Standard four-bed room × 4 + Show Price 2 beds and 1 balcony. Triple room with balcony + Show price 1 bed and 2 double beds or 3 beds and 2 balconies. The property is located in the CaboFrio region of Brazil. Brava beach is 2.7 km from the property, while Japanese Island is. 2.8 km away.
Pousada Espirito do Mar is located in the south of Portugal. The accommodation facility is located near the town of Pousada. It is one of the most popular accommodation facilities in the region. The facility is open to the public all year round and has a free outdoor pool. It also has free WiFi and free parking by the beach. There are no age restrictions next to the beach of the facility and no reservation is required. Pets are allowed on request and are free of charge. It has implemented certain practices in some or all of the following categories: waste disposal, water consumption, energy consumption and Learn more greenhouse gas emissions, destination and community, and nature conservation. For more information on the accommodation facility, visit: http://www.pousadaespirito.com/en/accommodation-facility-pousadas-e-sintra-d-mar.html/. For more details on the services available at the facility, click here: http:www.psd.org/en-psd/acomodation/pousadas-espiritos-esintra.html.
Pousada Espirito do Mar takes special requests - add a request in the next step! Guests are required to present a valid photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Children aged 18 and over pay the price of adults in this facility. There are no cots available in this property. All extra beds are subject to availability. Pets are allowed upon request and are free of charge. A deposit via bank transfer is required before arrival. The accommodation facility will contact you after booking with instructions for paying the deposit. It is not possible to hold stag, hen and similar parties in the facility. House order and peace applies between 22:00:00 and 08:000:00. This accommodation is managed by a professional host. This label is not relevant for taxes, including VAT and other "indirect taxes", but is mandatory under EU consumer protection laws. Find out more Show availability Information that guests in this accommodation facility should know. PousadaespiritoDoMar.com is a travel information website. Visit the website to see more information about the accommodation facility and its services. Visit pousada espiritodo Mar.com to visit the website and find out more about the facilities and services. Click here to see the site and see the details of the accommodation facilities in the area you are interested in visiting. The site is open from Monday to Friday, from 5:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m., and from 1:00pm to 10:00 pm, and on weekends and holidays.
What are the check-in and check-out times at Pousada Espirito do Mar? How far is the hotel from the center of 'Cabo Frio'? How much does it cost to stay at the hotel? Does the hotel have a pool? Click here for more properties near popular landmarks in Cabo Frio.
