Pousada Beach House (Private accommodation), offers in the city of 'Cabo Frio' (Brazil) "Excellent location. Nice s2iz eo drroaosmlih. · 0 children · 1 unit ExcellenPt rbeegalecdh just a few stepsI nafworamy.ations and prices" Guest reviews (414) Good breakfast. Very nice and polite staff. Comfortable bUezd p.l”ažu PousADA Beach House Show translation 11 AvZeenljkidoa doUsj eJdainrdjeinnos ,K Craaljbevos tFvroio, CEP 28908-540, Brazil - Excellent location - show map Book <p><b>Excellent</b> location — rating 9.1/ 10! <small>(based on <b>414 </b> reviews)</small></p> ‘The whole staff is amazing, so nice and helpful. Luciana is a jewel! Location just by the beach if you're looking to be away from the crowds. Simple but clean, good value for money." "A localização é otima! O café da manhía estava delicioso" 8.6 highly rated Show translation Macedo Brazil Show on map "Funcionários atenciosos, café daManhía deliciosa, pousada bem família e silenciosa" Show translation Adrian Brazil "Lugar excellente, toda a esquipe da pousadas Beach House foi muito atenCIosa"
25 more photos of Pousada Beach House
Pousada Beach House features beachfront accommodation with free WiFi. The air-conditioned accommodation is 2.8 km from Molded Depth's Beach. accommodation provides a shuttle service, while a bicycle rental service is also available. At the guest house, each unit is fitted with a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, a private bathroom, bed linen and towels. All units will provide guests with a minibar. Most popular beach amenities Free WiFi Reception (24h) air conditioning Good breakfast Sign up and save You could save 10% or more at this property when you sign up Sign up Create an account Availability We'll cover the difference in price Select your dates to see availability and prices of this facility. Check-in date — Check-out date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 unit Search Type of accommodation unit Number of guests Standard double room with double bed + Show prices 1 double bed Standard triple room + Show Prices 1 bed for 1 person and 1double bed Superior room with queen size bed Show prices1 large double bed. Find out more greenhouse gas emissions, destination and community and nature conservation . Guest reviews Show availability 8.4 Very good · 414 reviews Show all reviews show all reviews.
Booking.com rated the quality of this property 3 out of 5 based on factors such as facilities, size, location and available services. "The whole staff is amazing, so nice and helpful. Luciana is a jewel! "tudo maravilhoso, apartment. cafe Nice size room. Location just by the beach if you're looking to be away from the funcionadores muito educados Excellent beach just a few steps away. crowds. Simple but clean, good value for money." "Good breakfast. Very nice and polite staff. Comfortable bed.” "Is there a bus or shuttle or shuttle to the Pousada from GIG? Sim, temos motorista que fazo o transfer, por gentileza necessitas estar ciente de dia e horario, heroism a parte" Show all reviews Quality rating Booking.gov.uk: "Pousada Beach House is a great place to stay for a night or two"
Pousada Beach House accepts special requests - add a request in the next step! From 14:00 to 00:00 Check-in Guests are required to present a valid photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Children aged 7 and over pay the adult price in this facility. Minimum registration age is 18 Age limit Cash Accepted payment methods Smoking is not allowed. Guests are not allowed to make noise between 22:00 and 07:00. Pets are notallowed. Wellness Activities umbrellas Bicycle rental additional charge Service available in Beach Portuguese. Find out more Show availability Information that guests in this accommodation should know. Click here to find out more about the accommodation at the Pousada beach house in Pousadas, near the city of Porto Alegre in the Algarve region of Portugal, or click here to visit the website for more information on the accommodation in the area at PousADA Beach House in Portos Alegres, or visit the site for the same information in the region in Porto alegre, or on the site in Portuguese.
This accommodation is managed by a professional host. Guests are required to present photo identification and a credit card upon check-in. All special requests are subject to availability and may incur additional charges. It is not possible to stay in this facility for quarantine purposes due to the coronavirus (COVID-19). This label is not relevant for taxes, including VAT and other "indirect taxes", but is mandatory under EU consumer protection laws. House order and peace applies between 22:00:00 and 07:000:00. More information about the host can be found here. Click here for more properties near popular landmarks in 'Cabo Frio' and for more information about Pousada Beach House, visit the hotel's official website or go to pousadabeachhouse.com.
