Pousada alvorecer (Guesthouse), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Deals 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room. House rules The fine print No reviews yet. No review score yet... We need at least 1 review before we can calculate a review score. If you book and review your stay, you can help us meet this goal. We Price Match no reviews yet... No review scores yet... If you Book and Review your Stay, we will Price Match your stay and give you the best possible rate. We will only price match hotels with the highest customer reviews.
Pousada alvorecer is 3.4 miles from Water Square and 3.9 miles from Municipal Property highlights Estadium Alair Correia. Free Wifi is accessible to all guests, while some rooms include a terrace. The nearest airport is Cabo Frio International Airport, 6.2 miles from the guest house. Free Private Parking Available On Site Reserve now. +21 photos Pousada Alvorecers Reserve now Gallery Close PousADA alvorcer enjoys a location in CaboFrio, 3.1 miles from Surf Museum. Dunes Park is 4 miles away, and Japanese Island is 5.3 miles fromThe property is 3 miles away from Municipal Theater. Independence Square is 11 miles fromthe property, while Hermenegildo Barcellos Stadium is 11 years from the property.
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. Wifi is available in all areas and is free of charge. There are no extra beds available at this property. Cash is not accepted Accepted payment methods Parties/events are not allowed Parties Free! Pets are allowed. No extra charges. Pets areallowed. Free parking is available on site (reservation is needed). / See availability House rules Pousada alvorecer takes special requests – add in the next step! From 12:00 AM to 12:000 PM Check-in. From 8:00am to 12.00pm Check-out. Please enter the dates of your stay and check what conditions apply to Cancellation/ your preferred room. prepayments Child policies Children & Beds Children of all ages are welcome. Crib and extra bed policies 0 - 3 years Crib upon request Free.
Pousada alvorecer is located near the center of Cabo Frio. This property does not accommodate bachelor(ette) or similar parties. Click here to see more properties near popular landmarks in CaboFrio. The ne print See availability Must-know information for guests at this property. See availability for more information about staying at Pousada Alvorecers, including how much it will cost you to stay.
