Pousada do Luar Cabo Frio (Hostel) (Brazil) "The location It's great, almost "down to earth." 2 adults · 0 children · 1 bedroom Rosana Brasil Summary reviews Information and prices Amenities Property rules Guest details (97) Search "Lots of beach, close to restaurant, closeto bars close to everything" ! Cesar Brasil We are sorry but this accommodation is not taking reservations on our website at the moment. Don't worry, you'll still find thousands of other options here. Cabo frio Home Hotels All hostel options Brazil Rio de Janeiro CaboFrio Check-in date — Check-out date See what customers liked best: Deals in PousadaDoLuarCaboFrio.com. Visit the hostel's official website for more information and to see what customers like best: PousadoDoLuArCBoFido.com, or click here to visit the official hostel website for CaboFrio, Brazil. The hostel is located in the center of the city, near the beach and the city center. It is one of the most popular hostels in the city with a score of 9.8/10 (out of 97 reviews) Hauge Norway has the best location in Brazil, scoring 9.7/10 with 97 reviews. "The staff are very attentive and receptive. Perfect location and the place was very clean. I recommend them all:)" Fabulous 8.7 Akif Turkey.
Pousada do Luar Cabo Frio is one of the most beautiful beaches in the world. Pousada
In Cabo Frio, within a 4-minute walk of Praia do Forte, Pousada do Luar features a lounge, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. This hostel features a terrace for sunbathing and a 24-hour reception. At the accommodation, each room is equipped with a wardrobe, and at the guest house, every room includes bed linen and towels. This accommodation reported having implemented certain practices in some or all of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases. See what customers liked most: Rosana Cesar Hauge Brazil Brazil Norway "The location is great, almost "on the sand." "Lots of beach, close to restaurant,. close to bars close to "Ligger meget bra til. Kort til tudo" var også bra." More information More information about this property and its accommodation options at: http://www.cabo-frio.com/pousada-do-luar.
Beachfront Free Wi-Fi Family rooms BBQ facilities 24-hour reception Air conditioning Bar Very good breakfast Bathroom Activities Family and entertainment services Toilet paper Bicycle rental Additional charge Games board/puzzles Towels Walking tours Baby safety bars WC Bar route Board games/puzzleles Shower Temporary art galleries Security Beach Bedroom Fire extinguishers Hiking Outside the accommodation Bed linen 24 hour security Fishing outside the accommodation Wardrobe or closet General Food and Drink View Minimarket on site Café/cafeteria on site View of the interior courtyard Air Conditioning Bar Non-smoking throughout Outdoor Internet Mosquito net Outdoor furniture Wi- Fi access is available throughout the hotel. Tile/marble flooring Beachfront Free Family rooms Sun terrace Ironing facilities Parking BBQ facilities Iron No parking available. Shuttle service Additional charge Daily maid service Languages ​​spoken Shared lounge/TV area Portuguese Lockers Wake-up service/alarm clock 24-year reception See availability House rules Pousada do Luar Cabo Frio takes special requests - add in the next step!
Cots and extra beds are not available at this property. There are no age restrictions for check-in. Due to the Coronavirus (COVID-19), the use of a mask is mandatory in all indoor common areas. This property is managed by a professional host. This designation has no relevance in tax terms, including VAT and other “indirect taxes”, but is necessary under European Union consumer law. You can get more information about the host here: view host details. Pets Cash Accepted payment methods Details Check availability Important information for guests of this property Payment by bank transfer is required prior to arrival. The property will contact you after booking to provide instructions. Some services and amenities may be reduced or unavailable. The use of cots is not allowed at Pousada do Luar Cabo Frio. To see correct prices and occupancy information, please add the number of children in your group and their ages to your search. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
