Pousada Enseada da Vila (Hotel) is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil. The hotel is one of the most popular hotels in the city. It is located near the airport, and is a short walk from the city's beaches. The hostel has a reputation for being a great place to stay and to stay with friends and family. For more information on the hotel, visit: www.pousadaenseada.com/hotel/cabo-frio-home-hotels-cobo-frio-state-roio-de- Janeiro-state. For information about the hostel, go to: http://www.hotelpousadasvila.com/. For more info about the hotel and its amenities, visit the hotel's website: http:/www.cpo-fria.org/hotels/cbo- Frio-Home-Hotels-Cabo-Frio-State-Rio de Janeiro-State/Cobo-Fria-State.html. For the most up-to-date information on all of the hotel’s amenities, check out the hotel website:http:www.co.uk/pousadasvila/cobofria-hotel-cago-state/Cago-Frio-Hotel-CagoFria.html/. For the latest updates on all the hotels in Brazil, click here. For all the rest of the world, visit www.hotelsandspaceports.com. for the latest information on hotels and spas around the world. For a full list of all the best hotels and resorts in the U.S. and Canada, visit Hotels & Spas International. For. the best deals on hotels around the globe, visit Hotel &Spa International. for more information.
Pousada Enseada da Vila is one of the best schools in Portugal. It is located in the city
Located in Cabo Frio in the Rio de Janeiro State Region, 328 feet from Surf Museum. Handicraft Market is 656 feet from Pousada Enseada da Vila. Couples in particular like the location – they rated it 9.0 for a two-person trip. Private Parking Beachfront Free Wifi Family rooms Airport shuttle BBQ facilities Non-smoking rooms Tea/Coffee Maker in All Rooms Bar Breakfast Sign in, save money You could save 10% or more at this property when you sign in Sign in Create an account Availability We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices Check-in Date — Check-out Date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Room Type Number of guests Standard Double Room + Show prices 1 queen bed Deluxe Room × 4 + × 4 Show prices 2 twin beds and1 king bed or4 twin beds. Property practices This property told us they've implemented certain practices across some or all of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases, destination Learn more and community, and nature. Categories: Staff 8.7 Facilities 8.2 Cleanliness 7.8 Comfort 7.9 Value for money 8.8 Location 9.3 Breakfast Info Each room has a shared bathroom equipped with a shower.
Pousada Enseada da Vila is located 5 min from the beach. Free Wifi 8.8 Select topics to read reviews: Location Room Clean Kitchen Bed See what guests loved the most: Silvia Ferran Mykhailo Netherlands Spain Ukraine “Everything!!! Location 5min from the beautiful beach “There were fair size lockers into the rooms and many “Good vibes and atmosphere restaurants shops cleaning every day and amazing owners and bathrooms for everyone.” equipped kitchen; shelf, lamp staff. I booked for 2 days and i stayed 6!!!! You gonna feel like big shower heads, good loca. I will definitely come back when i am in Cabo again. Obrigada” Read more Read all reviews Property questions and answers See availability Browse questions from guests for anything extra you want to know about the property. The property usually replies within a few days Can I use my own sleeping bag? Is it quiet at night? Do you have planne Here we do not have a specific space for camping.
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. Pousada Enseada da Vila takes special requests – add in the next step! From 2:00 PM Check-in Guests are required to show a photo ID and credit card at check-in until 11:00 AM Check-out Cancellation & prepayments policies vary by accommodations type and can be found at the bottom of the page. For more information, call the hotel on 020 3615 4157 or visit their website. For additional information, visit the hotel's website at: http://www.pousadaenseada.com/vila-vila/en-seada-da-villa/en/cancellations-and-preparation.html. For the full list of amenities, see the page below: http:/www.vila venado.co.uk/en.html/. For the complete list of facilities, click here:http:/ www.vivavenado.com/. For more details on the hotel and its facilities, visit its website at http: /www. venadovenedo.com%. For the total cost of your stay, visit http:www.venadovenido.com.hu/en/. For a limited time only, you can book a private room with a private bathroom for R$50 per night. For an additional fee, you may also choose to pay R$100 per night for a private, private bathroom with a full-size toilet.
Children 6 and above will be charged as adults at this property. All extra beds are subject to availability. There's no age requirement for check-in No age restriction Pets are allowed. Food and beverage services may be limited or unavailable due to the coronavirus (COVID-19). Payment before arrival by bank transfer is required. The property will contact you after you book to provide instructions. Additional safety and sanitation measures are in effect at Pousada Enseada da Vila. The nene print See availability for more info. The Best of Cabo Frio Click here to see more hotels and accommodations near popular landmarks in CaboFrio. The best hotels and accommodation near the beach can be found at: http://www.cabofrio.com/hotels/pousada-enseada-da-vila-cabo-frio-tourist-hotel-cabo- Frio-Frio-Tropical-City-Hotel-Cabo-Frio-Miguel-Pousada.html. For more information on the hotel, visit: www.cabofrio.com/. For more info about the hotel and its activities, visit the hotel's website: http:www.CaboFrio.co.uk/hotel/cabolando-tropic-city-miguel.
