Pousada Águas do Peró - Parking booking +966554400000 View on map See all1photo Photos Room Choices Amenities FAQs Attractions About the property Similar properties Home Brazil Cabo Frio Pousada Águ Do Peró Rua do Moinho 56 Search 01 Jul 2024 02 Jul 2024 1 Room, 0 Adults, 0 Children Modify search Adults (12+) Children (0-11) Room1 0Adults 0Children Add another room ( 4 Maximum ) Room choices
Stay at Pousada Águas do Pero in Cape Frio (Pero). But and But Dunes. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on the distance from Forte Beach. Government-issued photo identification and a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check-in for Take advantage of the inn's room service (during limited incidental charges hours). Special requests are subject to availability and may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be Rooms guaranteed Guests must contact this property in advance to reserve Make yourself at home in one of the 24 guestrooms featuring onsite parking minibars. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you This property accepts credit cards and cash connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Bathrooms with showers are provided. Conveniences include fans and in-room massages, and housekeeping is provided daily. Front desk star will greet guests on arrival. You need to know access and tour/ticket assistance. For more information, or to book a room, call +966554400000. Hiberla Retrieve my booking +9 6655440000. For. more information on Cabo Frio, visit www.cabo-frio.com/. For more. information on the Cabo Sea, visit http://www.cabo-sea.co.uk/. For. information about the Pero Dunes, visithttp:// www.pero-dunes.com. for more. Information about the Lagoa De Araruama - 6.1 km / 3.8 mi - is also available.
The property has a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, card with photo (passport, for example) at the check-in. A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a international travels to Brazil, if just one of the parents is traveling with the child. People who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. Pool access available from 9:00 AM to 10:00 PM. One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. Guests can arrange to bring pets by contacting the property directly, using the contact information on the booking connaissance. This property advises that enhanced cleaning and guest safety measures are currently in place. Disinfectant is used to clean the property; commonly-touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant between stays. Bed sheets and towels are laundered at a temperature of at least 60°C/140°F. Guests are provided with hand sanitizer. Deposit is payable by bank transfer and is due within 24 hours of booking the reservation. We have included all charges provided to us by the property. The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change. You might be interested in these properties: Pousada Caminho do Peró Casa De Praia Anequim Pousadas Sun Victory Av. Barracudas 884 200 Rua Aneqim RuaAnequIM, 125. The property is located in the city of Barracuda, in the state of Pernambuco, on the coast of the Atlantic coast of Brazil. For more information, visit the property's website.
Paraiso Pero Praia Hotel Hotel Solar do Arco Hotel La Plage Av. Drasio Solon Ribeiro, S/N Rua Constantin Menelau, 48 Rua dos Badejos, 40. Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved. Retrieve my Fetching prices by clicking here.
