PousADA ONDA CARIOCA (Inn), Cabo Frio (Brazil) "We liked it of everything. Very clean place, and very polite staff" "The location of the inn and the service, having a stove and utensils available." Good 7.8 271 reviews Sheila Brasil "Polite and very helpful staff. It's great! The location is excellent, close to Praia do Rocket and Uber to the market is cheap" Claudia Brasil score nearby 8.6 "Excellent location. Parking is on the street, but we felt very safe, dead end street and with cameras.. ." Alan Brazil "I really liked the location, very close to beautiful beaches. I'm not too lazy to walk,..." In front of the beach · Private beach Luz Brasil POUSADA ON DA CARI OCA 141 Rua das Bromélias CANCELA O2, CaboFrio, CEP 28908-570, Brazil – Excellent location - show map "Very quiet place,close to the beach 🌴, great service and accommodation" Emilia Argentina "Perfect location, the guesthouse isvery close to a great beach and by car we are 10 minutes from the center"
POUSADA ONDA CARIOCA is one of the
PousADA ONDA CARIOCA is located in Cabo Frio and offers beachfront accommodation, a 5-minute walk from Pontal's high-scoring beach. Each room includes a private bathroom, while some rooms offer a balcony and others also provide guests with sea views. The accommodation features FREE Parking! a shared kitchen and free WiFi throughout the property. You can play billiards at POUSADA ON DA CARI OCA, and the area is popular for cycling. EstadioMunicipalAlairCorreia is 47km from PousADAONDACARIOCA while MuseudoSurfficaa is just over 20km away. The inn features a private beach area, a garden, a terrace and a bar. Sign in to save! You can save 10% or more on this property when you log in Sign in Create an account Availability We match the price Select dates to see availability and prices for this accommodation. Check-in date — Check-out date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 bedroom Search Room type Number of guests Suite with Sea View Show prices 1 double bed Family Suite × 4 Show prices 2 single beds and 1 doubleBed.
This accommodation reported having implemented certain practices in some or all of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases. Customer reviews View availability 7.8 Good · 271 reviews Read all reviews Categories: Staff 8.6 Amenities 7.5 Cleanliness7.5 Comfort 7.6 Value for money 8.1 Location8.6 Free Wi-Fi 7 .7 Low score Cabo Frio. See what customers liked most: Luz Joselado Sheila Brazil Brazil Brazil "We liked everything. Very clean place, and very polite staff" layout and utensils." Very well received. Location on the seafront. I didn't I'm too lazy to walk, so walking to the supermarket along the beach wasn't..." More information read all reviews Nearby property Check availability nearby property. Click here for a list of nearby hotels and motels in the CaboFrio area. See the full list of hotels in the area and a map of nearby motels.
POUSADA ONDA CARIOCA takes special requests – add them in the next step! There is no capacity for cots and extra beds in this accommodation. There are no age restrictions for check-in No age restrictions Pets: not allowed. Booking.com receives your payment for this stay on behalf of the property, but please make sure you take cash with you for additional expenses. Free public parking available in a Room amenities nearby location (no reservation required) Free parking Beach front Free Wi-Fi Family rooms Air conditioning Bar Private beach area Bathroom Activities Services Toilet paper Beach Luggage storage Additional cost Towels/bed linen ( at a cost Snorkelling Additional reception services) Cycling Outside the accommodation Private bathroom Invoice upon request Hiking Additional cost Outdoor Billiards Security Games room Beachfront 24-hour security Fishing outside the accommodation Outdoor dining area General Sunbathing terrace Food and Drink Air conditioning Additional cost private beach area Bar Fan Terrace Garden Internet Family rooms Wi- Fi access is available throughout the hotel. Free Indoor pool Additional cost Seasonal Shared kitchen Parking Refrigerator Spoken languages ​​Free public parking. Portuguese Street parking Socket near the bed Accessible parking.
This property is managed by a professional host. This designation has no relevance in tax terms, including VAT and other “indirect taxes”, but is necessary under European Union consumer law. You can get more information about the host here: view host details. Does PousADA ONDA CARIOCA have a pool? POUSADA ON DA CARiOCA What activities are there at Pousada ONDACARIOCa? How much does it cost to stay at POUSada ONda CARI OCA? What are the check-in and check-out times? How far from the beach is POUsada onda carioca?
