Pousada Kopenhagen Beach is located in the Cabo Frio region of Brazil. The beach is known as one of the most beautiful beaches in Brazil. It is located on the coast of the island of Pousada, which is also known as the Costa Concordia region. There are four rooms on the beach, all of which can be rented out to adults and children. There is no swimming pool, but there is a beach volleyball court.
Stay at Pousada Kopenhagen Beach in Cabo Frio (Cabo Frio Centro) Stay in one of the 12 air-conditioned rooms featuring minibars and LCD televisions. complimentary wireless Internet access and tour/ticket assistance. A complimentary self-serve breakfast is served daily from 7:30 AM. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on (19.6 km) from Geriba Beach and 15.2 mi (24.5km) from Rua das property policy Pedras. Government-issued photo identication and a credit card, debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check-in for dining incidental charges. Special requests are subject to availability upon check- in and to 10:00 AM. may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be guaranteed. This property accepts credit cards; cash is not accepted. Cashless transactions are available. Make use of convenient amenities, which include complimentary wireless. Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Bathrooms have showers and hair. Front desk staissance will greet guests on arrival and will greet them on arrival with hair dryers. Housekeeping is provided daily. The pousada is 12.2 miles from the city center and is a 10-minute walk from Parish Our Lady of the Check-in Instructions Assumption of CaboFrio and Forte Beach. The hotel is located in the central part of the city, which is known for its beaches and natural scenery. It is a short walk from the beach to the town center and to the beach, and from the town centre to the north and east to the south to the island of Guimarães. For more information, or to book a stay, call +966554400000 or visit www.cabo-frio.com.
Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 Business, and other amenities years must present the. card with photo (passport, for example) at the check-in. One child 2 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. The property has connecting/adjoining rooms, which are subject to availability. Guests can arrange to bring pets by contacting the property directly, using the contact information on the booking con meticulouslyrmation. The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject-to-change. For more information, consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. You might also be interested in these properties Malibu Palace Hotel Hotel Solar do Arco Pousada Porto Fino Avenida Do Contorno, 900, Praia do Forte Rua Constantin Menelau, 48 Rua Jorge Lossio 160, or the Hotel Miramar in Porto Alegre, 915-915-715-8, for more details on the Miramar Hotel in Brazil, visit www.mirarmiralhotel.com.br. Guests are provided with hand sanitizer; cashless payment methods are available for all transactions; masks are required in public areas. Disinfectant is used to clean the property; commonly-touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant between stays. Bed sheets and towels are laundered at a temperature of at least 60°C/140°F. Social distancing measures are in place; guests at the property wear personal protective equipment.
Pousada Brasil Nativo Triat MDJ Pousada Rua Florismundo Baptista Machado, 90 R. Francisco Mendes Rua Jorge Lossio 1700. Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved. See more properties. Retrieve my Fetching prices. See rooms.
