Pousada Gente Bonita is located in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The property is one of the most expensive in the country. It was built in the 1970s, and was the first of its type to be built in Brazil. There are four rooms, with a maximum of four per room. There is a swimming pool, a spa, a gym and a tennis court. It is located near the town of Armacao De Buzios.
Rooms at Gente Bonita include a TV minibar and air property policy conditioning. Just 100 metres from Manguinhos Beach this guest house orients an outdoor pool. The lively bars clubs and Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and restaurants on Rua das Pedras Street are also located 8 km away. Local activities include kitesurng and jet-skying. guaranteed This property accepts Visa, Mastercard, and American Express Location Check-in Special Instructions With a stay at Pousada Gente. Bonita Centro in Buzios (Downtown Buzio), you'll be within a 5-minute walk of Rua. das. Pedras and The front desk is open daily from 7:00 PM - 10:00pm. Retrieve my booking +966554400000 Attractions Points of interest Distances are displayed to the nearest 0.1 mile and kilometer. Rio de Janeiro International Airport (GIG) - 175.7 km / 109.2 mi Brigitte Bardot Statue - 0.9 km / 0.6 mi Macae (MEA) - 76.5 km / 47.5 mi Orla Bardot waterfront is 8 incidental charges km from Guest House GenteBonita. To make Canto Beach. This pousada is 0.4 mi (0.7km) from Santos Dumont arrangements for check- in please contact the property ahead of. time using the information on the booking connaissance. time. If you are planning to arrive after 10:30pm please contact. the property in Business, and other amenities advance using the. information on. the booking Connaissance. The front. desk will greet guests on arrival during limited hours. The pousadas are located in the central area of the city, near the beach and the city centre. The main hotel is located at the centre of the town, just a short walk from the beach. It features air-conditioned rooms with free. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on WiFi. It is possible to stay at the hotel for as little as one night, but extra-person costs may apply.
A 5.0 percent city/local tax will be charged Cleaning fee: BRL 10.0 per room, per night We have included all charges provided to us by the property. The following fees and deposits are charged by theproperty at time of service, check-in, or check-out. The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change. People who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. Guests can arrange to bring pets by contacting the property directly, using the contact information on the booking conuclearation (surcharges apply and can be found in the Fees section). This property advises that enhanced cleaning and guest safety measures are currently in place. Disinfectant is used to clean the property, and commonly- touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant between stays. Social distancing measures are in place and guests are provided with hand sanitizer. You might be interested in these properties Aretê Pousada Villa Rasa R. Rancho Grande Alameda Andorinhas Avenida Jose Bento Ribeiro Dantas S/N. The hotel is located in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, near the city of Belo Horizonte. It is one of the most popular hotels in the state of São Paulo, with more than 2,000 rooms available.
Serena Buzios Condominio Villa Rasa is one of Portugal's most sought-after beach resorts. The resort is located on the island of Búzios in the south of the country. The villa is located in a prime location near the town of Pouso, in the north of the island. It is the only villa in the area that is available to rent out to guests on a first come, first served basis.
