Pousada Águas do Peró (Inn), Cabo Frio (Brazil) Staff 8.4 2 adults · 0 children · 1 bedroom ComodiRdaedseusmo reviews Information and prices Amenities Property rules Guest details (576) Search Cleanliness 7.1 ! LamCoennftoarmtoos but this accommodation is not taking reservations on our website at the moment. Don't worry, you'll still find thousands of other options here. Transfer (airport) By Quaal idÁadge/uPreaçso do Pero 7.6 L5o6c Raluizaa çdãoo Moinho, CaboFrio, CEP 28922-230, Brazil – Excellent location.
Pousada Águas do Peró is located in Cabo Frio, less than 1 km from Praia do Pero, and provides accommodation. Facilities at this highly rated accommodation (8.1) include room service and a tour desk, as well as free WiFi throughout the property. Free private parking available at the accommodation features airport transfers, but a car rental service is also available. All rooms are equipped with a wardrobe, flat-screen TV, private bathroom, bed linen and towels. Rooms provide a minibar. We match price Select dates to see availability and prices for this accommodation. 2 adults · 0 children · 1 bedroom Search Customer reviews Check availability 7.1 Good · 576 reviews Read all reviews. more 37 photos Pousada ÁGuas do Peró Book now Gallery Close Good 7.2 Good 576 Reviews
Pousada Águas do Peró is located in Cabo Frio, Brazil. The hotel has a private pool and is located near the airport. There is free Wi-Fi, free parking, and room service. The property has a reputation for noise and guests have complained about the noise of the pool and the noise from the bed. It is possible to book a room by phone and the hotel will respond to your request within a few days. For more information about the hotel, visit: www.cabo Frio.com/pousada-eguas-do-peró or call 1-800-847-8255. For information about other hotels in the area, visit the hotel's website: http://www.cobo-frio.com/.
Pousada Águas do Peró takes special requests – add in the next step! From 14:00 to 00:00 Check-in Guests are required to show a photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Cancellation and prepayment policies vary depending on the type of accommodation. Children aged 6 and over must pay adult rates at this accommodation. There are no extra beds available at this property. All cribs are subject to availability. Daily cleaning service Open all year Room amenities Laundry Additional cost For all ages Socket near the bed Security Clothes rack Languages ​​spoken Fire extinguishers Portuguese Pets CCTV in common areas Pets: allowed on request. Smoke detectors may apply additional costs apply. See availability House rules Alarm Media and Technology 24-hour security Flat-screen television Television / Property rules Pousada Úguas do Peró. Minimum age to check in is 18. Minimum number of children in your group and their ages to be included in your search. To see correct prices and occupancy information, please add the number of children in your group and their ages to your search for the hotel you want to stay at. For more information, visit the hotel's official website at: http://www.pousada.com/en/hotel.
This property is managed by a professional host. This designation has no relevance in tax terms, including VAT and other “indirect taxes”, but is necessary under European Union consumer law. This property does not allow stag and hen parties and similar parties. All Special Requests are subject to availability and may incur additional charges. Pet Restriction: admitted upon request. Additional charges may apply. age Pets Cash Accepted payment methods Details Check availability Important information for guests of this property Guests are required to show a photo identification and credit card upon check-in. Please inform Pousada Águas do Peró in advance of your expected arrival time. To do this, you can use the Special Requ requests box during the booking process or contact the property directly using the contact details provided in your confirmation. The rest period is between 22:00:00 and 08:000:00. The property is located near the center of Cabo Frio, in the municipality of San Vicente.
