Pousada Hosp Cantinho de Minas (Inn) is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil. Pousada is one of the most popular inns in the city. Guests have rated the hotel according to their opLhetoicldia ratings. The hotel has been rated 9.4/10! by 148 guests. It is located on a beach, and is close to the city of Rio Branco and the town of Gertrudes. The price of the inn is based on the average cost of a room in Brazil. It has a 1-bedroom, 1-bath room, and a 2-bed, 2-bath suite. The inn has a pool, a spa, a gym, a restaurant, a bar and a swimming pool. It also has a golf course, tennis courts, a tennis court, a basketball court and a volleyball court. The Inn is located next to the beach, which is a popular tourist destination. The beach is located near the city centre, and the hotel is near the airport. The only other hotel in the town is in the same city as the inn, in the suburb of CaboFrio. There is no direct access to the airport from the airport, but you can take a taxi to the nearest airport. There are no direct flights from Rio to Cabo frio, but there is a direct flight from the city to the port of Manaus. The nearest airport is the Porto Alegre, from where you can catch a flight to Rio via the Pan-American Highway. The closest port of call is the airport in Manaus, from which you can fly to Rio by air. The airport has a direct connection to the rest of Brazil, so you can easily get to and from other parts of the country. You can also take a train from the port to Manaus and back to Rio. You will have to pay a fee for this service, but it is included in the price.
Pousada Hosp Cantinho de Minas is one of Brazil's
Hospedaria Cantinho de Minas is located in Cabo Frio, 700 meters from Praia do Forte Beach and 900 meters from the This accommodation features an excellent Japanese island. Rooms have flat screen TVs and minibars. All rooms have a private bathroom with free toiletries. There is a shared kitchen on the property. Couples are particularly happy with the location - they have given it a score of 9.2 for a stay for two people. The most popular amenities Outdoor pool Parking Free wi-fi Family rooms BBQ facilities Non-smoking rooms Air conditioning Fabulous breakfast Log in and save You may save 10% or more on this property when you log in Log in Create an account Availability We match the price Select dates to see availability and prices for this accommodation Check-in date — Check-out date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Room type Number of guests Suite with swimming pool view × 4 Show prices 2 single beds and1 large double bed Suite Show prices 1 single bed and 1 largedouble bed Standard double suite show prices 1 large doubleBed Junior suite Show Prices 1 largeDouble bed
Wellington Leticia Gustavo Brazil Brazil Brazil "Foi tudo otímo, o atendimento, o café da manhía com muito "Localização privilegiada, próximo a tudo. Free wi-fi 8.4 Location 9.4 Cleanliness 9.0 Comfort 8.5 Value for money 8.3 View availability 8.7 Excellent · 148 reviews Read all reviews. Double room Show prices 1 large double bed or 2 single beds Comfort room for 4 persons × 4 Show prices 2 singlebed and 1 double bed Deluxe suite with jacuzzi Show prices1 double bed Budget triple room Show Prices 1 single bed and 1 largedouble bed Quadruple room × 4 show prices 2single beds and 1 big double bed Accommodation measures This accommodation has indicated that they have implemented certain measures related to all or some of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases, destinations and local communities and nature. See availability See what other guests have asked about to find more information about the accommodation. "A pousada é bem simples, m capricho, e os quartos muitos aconchegantes. Adorei, e Anfitriã maravilhosa, muitso gentil e educada." arrumado direitinho.
Pousada Hosp Cantinho de Minas welcomes inquiries! State your wish in the next step. See availability Amenities at Pousada hosp Cantinhode Minas See availability Great facilities! Rating: 8.5 Most Popular Amenities Outdoor Pool Parking Free Wi-Fi Family Rooms BBQ Facilities Non-Smoking Rooms Air Conditioning Fabulous Breakfast Bathroom Living Area Security Toilet Paper Dining Area Safe Towels Media & Technology General Additional Toilet Streaming Service (e.g. Netflix) Separate Smoking Area Bathtub or Shower Flat Screen TV Air conditioning Private bathroom TV Fan Toilet Family rooms Free toiletries Food and drink Non-smoking rooms Bathrobe Wine/champagne Additional charge Iron Hair dryer Special diets (on request) Shower Accessibility Minibar Bedroom The entire property is located on the ground floor Internet Linen Wi-fi is available throughout the hotel and is without Outdoor pool Free! Wardrobe or closet calculation. Opening hours Outdoor area Parking Open all year round For all ages Picnic area There is public parking nearby (reservation is required) and costs R$ 35 per day. Heated pool Garden furniture Disabled parking Bath/beach towels Sun terrace Pool cover Barbecue facilities Service Deck chairs Garden Transport service Extra charge Parasols Kitchen Grocery delivery Extra charge Wellness Shared kitchen Daily cleaning Extra charge
You must be at least 18 years old to check in here. Pets are not allowed. You must pay by bank transfer before arrival. The spa and fitness facilities at this property are unavailable due to the coronavirus (COVID-19). You must wear a mask in all indoor common areas. The property is managed by a private host. EU consumer law for professional hosts may not apply. The accommodation will contact you with more information once you have completed the booking. You can use the Special Requests box when booking or contact the property directly using the contact details on your booking confirmation. The rules for cancellation and prepayment vary according to unit type. Please enter the dates of your stay and also remember to read the terms and conditions for cancellation/ the desired room. Children over the age of 5 will be charged the same as adults at thisproperty. Pets Cash Accepted payment methods The fine print See availability for more information about the accommodation at Pousada Hosp Cantinho de Minas. The hotel is located on the coast of Brazil, near the town of Cantinho. It is a short walk from the beach and has a reputation for being a great value for money. For more information, or to book a room, visit the hotel's website or call the hotel on 08457 909090 or visit http://www.pousadahosp.com/cantinho-cortinho-fernando-de-minas-tourist-hotel-and-restaurant-information-and hotel/cft-cft.html. For information on the restaurant and other activities at the hotel, visit its website or visit the website.
How far is Pousada Hosp Cantinho de Minas from the center of Cabo Frio? Does the hotel have a pool? Does it have a hot tub that guests can use? Click here to see more accommodations near popular landmarks.
