Pousada Alice is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The property is one of the most sought-after properties in Brazil. It is located on the banks of the river Pousada, which flows through the center of the city. It has a total of six rooms, with four of which are available to rent out to adults and one of which is available to children.
Stay at Pousada Alice in Cabo Frio (Vila Nova) You'll be within a 10-minute walk of Itajuru Fountain Park. Enjoy recreation amenities such as an outdoor pool or take in the view from a garden. Complimentary wireless Internet access, a television in a common area, and tour/ticket assistance. A complimentary buet breakfast is served daily from 7:30 AM to incidental charges 10:00 AM. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in and may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be Rooms guaranteed This property accepts credit cards, debit cards, and cash. Cashless transactions are available featuring refrigerators and LED televisions. Bathrooms with showers are Check-in Special Instructions provided. Conveniences include blackout drapes/curtains, and housekeeping is provided daily. The pousada is 0.9 mi (1.4 km) from Forte Beach and 12.1 mi (19.4 Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on km) From Geriba Beach. You need to know complimentary Wi-Fi, a smoke detector, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. The property policy includes a government-issued photo identication and a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check- in for a complimentary buetchup breakfast. The hotel is located in the town of Vila Nova, in the northern part of the island of CaboFrio, and has 30 air-conditioned rooms. It is located 0.8 km / 0.5 mi from the city center and 1.7 km / 1.1 Mi from Sao Bento Beach. For more information, or to book a stay, call +966554400000 or visit www.pousadaalice.com. Portuguese for "Alice" or "Pousada" The hotel has a 24-hour concierge service.
Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 Business, and other amenities years must present the child's Rbeirttrhie cveer tmiycate and an identity card with photo. One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. Social distancing measures are in place. Guests are provided with hand sanitizer. Individually-wrapped food options are available for breakfast. Each guestroom is kept vacant for a minimum of 24 hours between bookings. Cashless payment methods are available. reservations are required for some onsite facilities. People who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. People at the property wear personal protective equipment; a shield is in place between sta and guests in main contact areas; periodic temperature checks are conducted on sta . The property advises that enhanced cleaning and guest safety measures are currently in place, and commonly- touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant between stays. The hotel is located in Praia do Forte Avenida Teixeira e Souza, 666A Av. Teixerão, near the city of Belo Horizonte, in the state of São Paulo. It is one of the most expensive hotels in Brazil, with rooms costing up to $3,000 per night. It also offers a 24-hour front desk and luggage card with a photo at the check-in.
Vereador Antonio Ferreira dos Santo 670 Rua Alex Novelino n450 ap204 Rua Barbosa, 708 Retrieve my booking +966554400000 Fetching prices Fetched prices F fetching prices See rooms See rooms View more properties Call us at:+966112199500
