Pousada Brasil Nativo is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The property is one of the most sought-after properties in Brazil. It is located on the banks of the Amazon River. There are four rooms, with a maximum of one per room. You can add another room ( 4 maximum) to your room choices. There is a swimming pool, a spa, a gym, a tennis court and a spa.
Pousada Brasil Nativo in Cabo Frio (Cabo Frio Centro) is 15.3 mi (24.7 km) from Geriba Beach. Air-conditioned rooms have private reservation balconies or patios. Cable television is provided for your This property accepts credit cards; cash is not accepted entertainment. Bathrooms feature showers, complimentary Safety features at this property include a Â£re extinguisher toiletries, and hair dryers. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on from Rua das Pedras. continental breakfast is served daily from 8:00 AM to 10:00am. To make Take advantage of recreation opportunities including an outdoor arrangements for check-in please contact the property ahead of pool and a spa tub. If you are wireless internet access and concierge services. planning to arrive after midnight please contact. the property in advance using the information on the booking con meticulouslyrmation. Retrieve my booking +966554400000 Attractions Points of interest Distances are displayed to the nearest 0.1 mile and kilometer. The front desk is open daily from 7:00 am - midnight. The pousada is open from 01:00 pm to 12:00pm and from 1:30 pm to 4:30pm. It is located on Rua dos Biquínis and 12.3 miles (19.8 km) by foot from Japanese Island. It has 15 air-conditioning rooms featuring minibars and LCD televisions. The name on the credit card used at check-ins to pay for incidentals must be the primary name on. the guestroom. A complimentary incidental charges continental breakfast has been provided daily for the last three years. It also features complimentary time for guests to use the spa tub, pool, and cable television for entertainment. There is no swimming pool or hot tub at the pousadas, but there is a heated outdoor pool with a heated towel bar and a hot tub for guests who wish to use it. The spa tub has a heated tub with a hot towel bar, heated towels and a heated shower.
Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 years must present the child's birth certi cate and an identity card with photo at the check-in. One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. The property allows pets in speci c rooms only and has other pet restrictions (surcharges apply and can be found in the Fees section). Guests can arrange to bring pets by contacting the property directly, using the contact information on the booking connaissance. Contactless check in and contactless check-out are available. You'll be asked to pay the following charges at the property: Tourism fee: BRL 5 per accommodation, per night We have included all charges provided to us by the property. The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change. The Malibu Palace Hotel Hotel Solar do Arco Nova Onda Hotel Avenida Do Contorno, 900, Praia do Forte Rua Constantin Menelau, 48 R. Florismundo Baptista Machado. Fetching prices Fetched prices F fetching price Fetchings prices FATCHing prices BRL 35 per pet, per day Service animals are exempt from fees. BRL 15 per night per room, per person, per week, per month, per year, or BRL 20 per person per month.
Hotel Marlen Triat MDJ Pousada R. Francisco Mendes, 437 - Centro R.Francisco Mendes Rua Jorge Lossio 1700. See rooms See rooms see rooms View more properties Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved.
