Pousada Dunas Braga (Lodging) is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil. It is located near the beach with a very o cuidado with a café da tarde. The hotel has a 9.1/10 rating based on 115 guest reviews. It has a 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom unit for 2 adults and 1-bed for 0-2 children. The room rate is based on a 2-night stay with a minimum stay of 2 nights. The rooms are available for a minimum of 2.5 nights with a maximum stay of 3 nights. They are available on a first-come, first-served basis. There are no children under the age of 12 in the hotel. There is no swimming in the pool at the hotel, but there is a swimming pool on the beach. The swimming pool is open to the public, and the hotel offers a pool with a Jacuzzi. The pool is not heated, but the hotel does have a heated pool for guests who wish to use it. The water is heated to the same temperature as the pool. The only other option for guests is to swim in the ocean, which is also heated. The resort is located on a beach, so the beach is very close to the hotel and is very popular with tourists. The beach is also popular with Thais, who like to enjoy the sand and the water. The town is about 30 minutes from the city of 'Cabo Frio' (Rio de Janeiro) and is known for its beaches. The city has a reputation for being a great place to stay, with many hotels located in the city. It also has a good reputation for having a good quality of life, with some of the best beaches in the country. The most popular hotels in the area are located in and around the town of CaboFrio. The area is also known as the 'Beach Capital of Brazil' because of its many beaches.
Pousada Dunas Braga is one of Portugal's
Pousada Dunas Braga offers air-conditioned accommodation and a breakfast buffet. Private parking and Wi-Fi are provided for free. Cabo Frio Bus Terminal is 1.4 km from the guesthouse, and Búzios is 26 km away. All colourful rooms have simple décor and tiled floors. They are furnished with a TV, minibar, ceiling fan and a private bathroom with a hot shower. A buffet breakfast is served each morning in the breakfast room. The beachfront bars and restaurants are 1.5 km from Pousada Dunas Braga, as well as Praia das Dunas Beach, which is 2 km from Cabo Frio centre. The hotel is located on the island of Traži Vrsta in the southern part of the island, near the town of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is only 150 metres from Praia das Das Beach and 2km from Cabo Frio centre, and 1.2 km from Praia do Forte Beach. The guesthouse is located in the centre of the town, and is just 150 metres away from the beach. It offers a variety of fresh fruits, breads and cold meats, and a selection of hot and cold drinks. For more information on the hotel, visit: www.pousada-dunas-braga.com/en/hotels/cabo-frio-cabo-frio-centre/hotel-and-restaurants/cobo-das-duras-beach-cabo frio centre.html. For details on the beachfront restaurants and bars, see: http://www.cabofrio.co.uk/beach/beaches/praia-do-forte-beaches.html/. For more info on the beaches of Cobo Frio, go to: www.cobofria.com.
The facility has informed us that it has implemented certain practices in some or all of the following categories: waste disposal, water consumption, energy consumption and Learn more greenhouse gas emissions. "Pousada perfeita pertinho da praia, adorei demais a gentileza!” "Bom, falar do que gostei iria de vcs!!!" "Canjica oferecida deliciosa!" "Atendimento maravilhoso! Funcionários super atenciosos!’ "Very good breakfast. Free parking. Free WiFi family rooms non-smoking rooms room service. Reception (24h) air conditioning. Very good breakfast very good breakfast Very good Breakfast. Free Parking Free WiFi Family rooms Non-smoking Rooms Room service Room service Free WiFi 8.5 Select themes yes to read the reviews: Storage See what guests liked the most: Thaís Vital Elton Brazil Brazil Brazil.
Cancellation and prepayment conditions depend on the type of unit. Free private parking is available within the facility's bed linen key access and no reservation is required. It is not possible to hold stag, hen and similar parties in this facility. Due to the coronavirus (COVID-19), it is necessary to wear a face mask in all indoor common areas. There is no age limit for registration. Pets are not allowed. Cash Accepted payment methods. Show Availability Pousada Dunas Braga accepts special requests - add a request in the next step! From 13:00 to 00:00 Check-in From 06:00 - 11:00 check-out. Please enter the dates of your stay and check the rules related to the room you have Cancelled/selected. advance payment Rules for children's stay Children and beds Children of all ages can stay in the facility. To display accurate prices and capacity information, add the number of children traveling with you and their ages to your search. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local Samaritans branch, see www.samaritans.org for details. In the U.S. call the National Suicide Prevention Line on 1-800-273-TALK (8255). In the Middle East, call the Salvation Army in the region of Turkey on 0800-825-8255 or click here for more information.
Pousada Dunas Braga is located in Cabo Frio, Portugal. The accommodation is managed by a professional host. This label is not relevant for taxes, including VAT and other "indirect taxes", but is mandatory under EU consumer protection laws. Click here for more properties near popular landmarks in 'Cabo Frio' and for more information about the host, see the host's website at: http://www.pousada-dunas-braga.com/hotels/hotel-accommodation-and-cabo-frio.
