Pousada Coqueiro Beach (Inn) is located in Piauí, Luis Correia, Brazil. Pousada is one of the most popular inns in Brazil. The hotel is located on a beach, with a great view of the city and the city centre. The inn has been rated 8.8 out of 8 by 314 guests who have stayed there. The property is located close to the city of Piausia, which has a great beach nearby. For more information on the inn, visit the PousADA website or visit www.pousadacoqueirobeach.com. Brazilian inns can be found at the following hotels: Tássia Brazil, Rubens Brazil, and Allex Brazil, as well as other inns and guesthouses in the area: Piauzia, LuisCorreia and Gleyca Brazil. They can also be found on their website at: http://www.tasssia.com/Brazil/ inns-and-hotels/Luis-Correio-Inn-Piauzí-Luis.html. For information on other hotels in the region, visit their website: http:www.lucas-correio.com/. For more info on the hotel, visit its website:http: www.coqueOirvoe rBveieawch Mil Note. For details on other Brazilian hotels, visit http::// www.cep.org.
Just 0.6 mi from Coqueiro Beach, this guest house is 7.5 mi from Luís Correia city center. It offers an outdoor pool, Property highlights bar and breakfast. Parking is free. Couples in particular like the location – they rated it 8.7 for a two-person trip. Free WiFi is provided. Free Private Parking Available On Site Reserve Luis Correa Bus Station is located 7. 5 mi away. +25 photos Pousada Coquesiro Beach Reserve now Gallery Close 녆 Excellent 8.8 314 reviews.
This property told us they've implemented certain practices across some or all of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases, destination Learn more and community, and nature. Most popular amenities Outdoor swimming pool Free parking Free Wifi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Facilities for disabled guests Restaurant Bar Wonderful Breakfast Availability We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices. Check-in Date — Check-out Date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Room Type Number of guests Apartment - Ground Floor + Show prices 1 twin bed and1 full bed Superior Apartment + Show Prices 1 twinBed and 1 full bed Apartment with Pool View Show prices 2 twin beds and 2 full beds. Apartments with Garden View show prices 1 double bed and 1 half bed. The property has been rated 8.8 Excellent · 314 reviews Read all reviews Categories: Staff 9.0 Facilities 8.7 Cleanliness 8.9 Comfort8.8 Value for money 8.0 Location 8.4 Free WFi 7.0 Low score for Luis Correia. See what guests loved the most: Allex Tássia Gleyca Brazil Brazil Brazil “Na verdade gostei de tudo Pousada Super agradável”
Great facilities! Review score, 8.7 Most popular amenities Outdoor swimming pool Free parking Free Wifi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms facilities for disabled guests Restaurant Bar Wonderful Breakfast Bathroom Parking General Private Bathroom Free private parking is available on site (reservation is Air conditioning not needed). Smoke-free property Outdoors Parking garage Hypoallergenic room available Picnic area Services Soundproof rooms Sun deck Family rooms Daily housekeeping Garden Facilities for disabled Guests Lockers Food & Drink Packed lunches Non- smoking rooms Bar 24-hour front desk Accessibility Restaurant Safety & security Bathroom emergency cord Internet Fire extinguishers Lowered sink Wifi is available in public areas and is free of charge. Security alarm Raised toilet Toilet with grab rails Safe Wheelchair accessible
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. There's no age requirement for check-in No age restriction Pets are not allowed. Outdoor swimming pool Free! Spa Languages Spoken Open all year Spa lounge/Relaxation area English Beach chairs/Loungers beach chairs/ Loungers Portuguese / See availability House rules Pousada Coqueiro Beach takes special requests – add in the next step! From 2:00 PM Check-in Until 12:00PM Check-out Cancellation/ your preferred room. prepayments Child policies Children & Beds Children of all ages are welcome. Children 4 and above will be charged as adults at this property. The property does not accept payments in installments via credit cards. Pets Cash Accepted payment methods The ne print See availability Must-know information for guests at thisproperty. How close to the beach is Pousadas Coqueira Beach? Beach Is PousADA CoqueIRO Beach popular with families? How much does it cost to stay at Pousadas Coqueiros Beach? How far is it from the center of Luis Correia? What type of room can I book? What is there to do at the property? What are the check- in and check-out times?
Pousada Coqueiro Beach has a pool. Click here to see more properties near popular landmarks in Luis Correia.
