Pousada Sun Victory External score 88% Cabo Frio, Brazil HALAL-FRIENDLY FEATURES Halal Food Free regLisetirsautrieo fnor Ladies and Family Register for free to get instant access to discounts. Unlock Gold member deals now! By registering I accept HalalBooking’s Terms of Use and Privacy & Cookie Policies. EN-US $ HB Loyalty Club Sign in or Register HHoommee BBrraazziill RRiioo ddee JJaanneeiirroo CCaabboo FFrriioo PPoouussaaddaa SSuunn VViiccttoorryy 97 more photos Pousadasunvictory.com. $68 total $82 total Register to save $6.86 Register tosave $8.24 66 mmoorree pphhoottooss 77 mmoorrees pphHoottoOSS 44 mmoorreed pph Hoottoos 44 mmooorree hoothoot tooss.
Pousada Sun Victory in Cabo Frio (Pero) is a 1-minute drive from Pero Beach and 12 minutes from Conchas Beach. This hotel is 2.3 mi (3.7 km) from Japanese Beach Pool Wellness & Spa Island and 2.9 mi (4.7km) from Rua dos Biquínis. Breakfast incl. Non-refundable Non- Refundable Not available Info Instant confirmation Instant confirmation POUSADA SUN VICTORY Check-in: after 14:00 Check-out: before 12:00 Book now Info Book now info Breakfast incl., Non-Refundable, Not available. Free registration Register for free to get instant access to discounts. By registering I accept HalalBooking’s Terms of Use and Privacy & Cookie Policies.
Pousada Sun Victory has 2 pools incidental charges. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-in. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on Free registration property policy Register for free to get instant access to discounts. Government-issued photo identification and a credit card, POOLS If you are a human, ignore this field debit card, or cash deposit may be required. Pet fee: BRL 100 per pet, per night. Outdoor Service animals are exempt from fees. The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and aresubject to change. 24-hour front desk. On-site guest services. 24/7 front desk, non-smoking throughout. Non-smoking in the steam room. No smoking in the pool area or in the saunas. No drinking in the bar or in any other part of the resort. No alcohol or smoking in any of the spa's facilities. The spa is located in Cabo Frio, a suburb of Rio de Janeiro. For children, the closest airports are Macaé Benedito Lacerda Airport, Macae, and Santos Dumont Airport, Rio de 2 hr 22 min (160 km) Janeiro (SDU) Rio Galeão – Tom Jobim International 2 hr 23 min (162 km) Show map INTERNET Wi-Fi PARKING PARKING on-site GUEST Services 24- hours front desk BEACHES IMPORTANT NOTES Amenities Beach towels will greet guests on arrival. For international travels to Brazil, if just one of the parents is traveling with the child, she/he must present Steam room – in addition to the child's certificate of birth and identity card with photo – a letter authorizing the trip.
Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. Pool access available from 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM. One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. Guests can arrange to bring pets by contacting the Any cleaning services offered at Pousada Sun property directly, using the contact information on the Victory? booking confirmation (surcharges apply and can be found in the Fees section) Parking height restrictions apply. Any info missing here that you wanted to see? Please, let us know below. Ask for info OTHER TRAVELLERS ALSO VIEWED Free registration Register for free to get instant access to discounts. If you are a human, ignore this field About Booking Conditions Our Newsletters Add your property Halal Travel? Privacy & Cookie Policies Our eNews HB Careers By registering I accept HalalBooking’s Terms of Use and Privacy We Price Match FAQ In the Media Extranet & Cookie policies. HB Loyalty Club Contact Us Press Releases Refer a Friend Halal Booking Blog Become an agency EXPLORE MORE DESTINATIONS HALAL TRAVEL.
