Pousada Vale do Amanhecer is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is one of the most sought-after properties in the city. The property is located on the banks of the river Rua Saturno, which runs through the center of the town. There are four rooms, with the maximum number of rooms being four. There is a swimming pool, a spa, a tennis court and a gym.
Pousada Vale do Amanhecer is located in Cabo Frio (Vila Nova), Portugal. The pousada is 0.3 mi (0.4 km) from Forte Beach and 12 mi (19.2 Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on km) Stay in one of the 25 guestrooms featuring minibars. Complimentary wireless Internet access is available to Check-in Special Instructions keep you connected. Bathrooms with showers are provided. Conveniences include fans, and housekeeping is provided daily. Front desk stausterity will greet guests on arrival. Enjoy recreation amenities such as an outdoor pool or take in the view from a terrace. Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 years must present the child's birth certiée and an identity. Government-issued photo ID and a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check-in for A complimentary buïet breakfast is served on weekdays from 7:00 incidental charges AM to 9:00 AM and on weekends from 7,00 AM to 10,000 AM. Special requests are subject to availability upon check- in and may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be Rooms guaranteed. This property accepts credit cards. You need to know Parents or an adult traveling with a child under the age of 18 must present an identity and a birth certificate and a government-issued credit card. You must also show proof that the child was born in the U.S. or a U.K. passport was issued to you before you can stay at this hotel. The hotel is located on the island of Vila Nova, in the province of CaboFrio. It is located between Forte and Geriba Beach, about 20 miles from the city center. You'll be steps from Cabo frio Municipal Theater and Surf Museum.
Children 4 years old and younger stay free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. People who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. An eective city/local tax rate of 5.0 percent will be charged. Pet fee: BRL 30 per pet, per night. The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change. You might be interested in these properties: Malibu Palace Hotel Paradiso Corporate - Cabo Frio Hotel Solar do Arco Avenida Do Contorno, 900, Praia do Forte Av. Teixeira e Souza, 2011 Rua Constantin Menelau, 48. Oásis CaboFrio Hotel Triat Confortável e Bem Localizado 3 Quartos Vereador Antonio Ferreira dos Santo 670 R. Francisco Mendes, 670. Similar properties: Oátic Cabo frio Hotel, Triatconconconco, 700 R. Vereador Antonio Ferreiro dos Santos, 605.
Rua Alex Novelino n450 ap204 Retrieve my Fetchinbgo porikciensg +966554400000 Fetching prices See rooms See rooms View more properties Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved.
