Pousada Coqueiro Beach (Inn) is located in Piauí, Luis Correia, Brazil. The inn has been rated 8.8 out of 8 by 314 guests. Pousada is one of the most popular inns in Brazil, with more than 2,000 reviews on TripAdvisor. The hotel is located on a beach, with a top-rated beach nearby, 8.6 C. For more information, visit the inn's website or call the hotel on 0800 64220-000 or visit http://www.coqueOirvoe rBveieawch.com/pousada-coqueiro-beach-inn-lucas-correia-piaui-11170-1-64220.html. For information on other inns and hotels in the area, visit www.cep.com.br/inns/Luis-Correia. For details on other hotels and resorts in the region, visit www.cEP.org/hotels-and-restaurants/Luisa-Correa-Luis Correa Piau Uruguay. For a limited time only, you can book a stay at one of these hotels for a fee.
Just 0.6 mi from Coqueiro Beach, this guest house is 7.5 mi from Luís Correia city center. It offers an outdoor pool, Property highlights bar and breakfast. Parking is free. Free WiFi is provided. Couples in particular like the location – they rated it 8.7 for a two-person trip. Free Private Parking Available On Site Reserve Luís. Correa Bus Station is located 7. 5 mi away. +25 photos Pousada Coquesiro Beach Reserve now Gallery Close 녆 Excellent 8.8 314 reviews.
This property told us they've implemented certain practices across some or all of these categories: waste, water, energy and greenhouse gases, destination Learn more and community, and nature. Most popular amenities Outdoor swimming pool Free parking Free Wifi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms Facilities for disabled guests Restaurant Bar Wonderful Breakfast Availability We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices. Check-in Date — Check-out Date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Search Room Type Number of guests Apartment - Ground Floor + Show prices 1 twin bed and1 full bed Superior Apartment + Show Prices 1 twinBed and 1 full bed Apartment with Pool View Show prices 2 twin beds and 2 full beds. Apartments with Garden View show prices 1 double bed and 1 half bed. The property has been rated 8.8 Excellent · 314 reviews Read all reviews Categories: Staff 9.0 Facilities 8.7 Cleanliness 8.9 Comfort8.8 Value for money 8.0 Location 8.4 Free WFi 7.0 Low score for Luis Correia. See what guests loved the most: Allex Tássia Gleyca Brazil Brazil Brazil “Na verdade gostei de tudo Pousada Super agradável”
Pousada Coqueiro Beach takes special requests – add in the next step! From 2:00 PM Check-in. Free private parking is available on site (reservation is Soundproof rooms English not needed). Family rooms Portuguese Parking garage Facilities for disabled guests Non-smoking rooms. Wifi is available in public areas and is free of charge. Security alarm Open all year Bar Safe Beach chairs/Loungers Restaurant General Spa Internet Air conditioning Spa lounge/Relaxation area Private Bathroom Daily housekeeping Bathroom emergency cord Lockers Lowered sink Outdoors Packed lunches Raised toilet Picnic area 24-hour front desk Toilet with grab rails Sun deck Wheelchair accessible Garden Safety & security Fire extinguishers Outdoor swimming pool Free! Food & Drink Security alarm open all year. Hypoallergenic room available Languages Spoken.
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. Children 4 and above will be charged as adults at this property. The property does not accept payments in installments via credit cards. There's no age requirement for check-in No age restriction Pets are not allowed. Pets Cash Accepted payment methods The nene print See availability. The Best of Luis Correia Click here to see more properties near popular landmarks in LuisCorreia. Click here for more information about Pousada Coqueiro Beach and other properties near the beach in Luis Corralei. The best hotels and resorts in the region are located in the municipality of LuisCorralegui, in the state of São Paulo, and in the city of Barreiro, on the island of Algarve in the province of Santa Catarina. For more information on other properties in the area, go to: http://www.cnn.com/lucas-beach/hotels-and-resorts/pousada-coqueiro-beaches-louis-correia-tourist-hotel-tours.
