Pousada Areia do Forte (Inn), Cabo Frio (Brazil) " Cleanliness, very polite staff, excellent room" 2 adults · 0 children · 1 room Lumag Brasil Summary reviews Information and prices Amenities Property rules Guest details (514) Search "Very good service...delicious breakfast and everything smells great at the inn...we loved it" PraiaMariney Brasil "Air condition Breakfast Good location Security parking Friendly staff" Leonardo United Kingdom score nearby 8.9 "Huge congratulations to all kitchen ladies who have provided the best breakfast everyday always with the needs smile" Phelipe Spain "Very attentive staff, cleanliness of the inn and excellent breakfast. Very spacious and comfortable family room." Paulo Brazil "I don't have any points that I didn't like" Fabulous 8.6 514 reviews Thaís Brasil “ air condition Breakfast good location Security Parking Friendly staff’ Leonardo with the best beach in Brazil – Excellent location - show map Book now After dMea recefeltuarB ara rseilserva, all property details, including telephone number and address, are provided in your We match the price booking confirmation and in your account.
Pousada Areia do Forte is one of the
The rooms at Pousada Areia do Forte feature classic décor in pastel tones. All rooms include a minibar, a TV and a private bathroom with a shower. The varied breakfast includes cakes and breads. Wi-Fi and parking are free. Reception is open 24 hours Book now per day. Couples particularly like the location – they gave it a score of 8.8 for a trip for two. Cabo Frio Bus Terminal is 2 km away. The distance mentioned in the accommodation description is calculated with © OpenStreetMap Saved in 7852 lists I want to see more Key amenities Free parking Free Wi- Fi Family rooms Non-smoking rooms 24-hour reception Air conditioning Very good breakfast Availability We match the price Select dates to see availability and prices for this property. Check-in date — Check-out date 2 adults · 0 children · 1 bedroom Search Room type Number of guests Double Room + Show prices 1 large double bed Triple Room + show prices 1 single bed and 1 largedouble bed Quadruple Room × 4 + Show Prices 2 single beds and 1large double bed Twin Room +show prices 2 single bed.
Pousada Areia do Forte has 514 reviews on TripAdvisor. The hotel has 3 single beds and 1 large double bed. Free parking, free Wi-Fi and 24-hour reception are included in the price. There are no smoking rooms, but the hotel does have air conditioning. There is no swimming pool, but there is a heated pool with a Jacuzzi. It is possible to stay at the hotel for less than $20 a night, depending on the length of the stay and the number of people staying in the hotel. For more information about the hotel, visit: pousadaareia do forte.com.
Pousada Areia do Forte takes special requests – add in the next step! Cancellation and prepayment conditions vary depending on the type of accommodation. Minimum age to check in is 18 Age restriction Pets: not allowed. Pets No cash accepted Payment methods accepted Details Check availability. See availability Property rules PousadaAreiaDoForte.com for more information. For more information, visit the property's website or call the hotel on 08457 909090 or email info@pousadaareiadoforte.co.uk for more details. The hotel is located in the city of Porto Alegre, in the province of São Paulo, and is located on the coast of the Algarve region of the island of Paraíso. There are no extra beds available at this property. All cribs are subject to availability. The number of cots allowed depends on the option you choose. Conditions for cots and extra beds 0 - 2 years Cot on request Free. There is no extra bed for children under 2 years of age at this hotel.
Pousada Areia do Forte is located near the center of Cabo Frio. Guests under the age of 18 can only check in with a parent or legal guardian. Due to the Coronavirus (COVID-19), this property is taking additional precautions to protect its guests and staff. Some services and amenities may be reduced or unavailable. This property is managed by a professional host. This designation has no relevance in tax terms, including VAT and other “indirect taxes”, but is necessary under European Union consumer law. You can get more information about the host here: view host details. Click here to see more accommodation near popular landmarks in CaboFrio. The hotel is located in the town of Pousada areia, in the province of Cajamarca, around 30 minutes from the city center. It is one of the most popular hotels in the region, with more than 1,000 rooms available.
