Pousada Vila Appia is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is one of the most sought-after properties in the city. The property is located on the banks of the river Rua Raul Veiga. There are four rooms, with the maximum number of rooms being four. There is a swimming pool, a spa, a gym, a tennis court, and a spa.
Pousada Vila Appia in Cabo Frio (Cabo Frio Centro) is within a 5-minute drive of Forte Beach and Japanese Island. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and digital programming is. available for your entertainment. Breakfast is served daily from 7:30. Government-issued photo ID and a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check-in for incidental charges Appia is 1.5 mi (2.4 km) from Sao Mateus Fort and 3 mi (4.9 Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on km) From Dunas Beach. Special requests are subject to availability and. may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be guaranteed. This property accepts credit cards. Make yourself at home in one of the 17 air-conditioned rooms featuring minibars and LCD televisions. Grab a bite from the snack bar/deli serving guests of Pousada. Vila. Appia. A complimentary bu et breakfast is served every morning. Parents or a legal guardian traveling with children under 18 years must present the child's birth certi cy and an identity. Business, and other amenities are available at the front desk. Back to Mail Online home. Return to the page you came from. ﻿ Retrieve my booking +966554400000 Attractions Points of interest Distances are displayed to the nearest 0.1 mile and kilometer. Fonte do Itajuru Park - 0.8 km / 0.5 Mi Parish Our Lady of the Assumption of CaboFrio. Casa-Atelie Carlos Scliar Museum -0.2 km /0.1 mi Rua dos Biquínis - 1.3 km / 1.0 mi. Nossa Senhora da Guia Chapel -- 0.7 km /.8 mi
The Oásis Cabo Frio Hotel has a 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, international travels and a safe deposit box at the front desk. People who intend to travel to Brazil with children must consult with the Brazilian consulate before traveling for more information. Disinfectant is used to clean the property, and commonly- touched surfaces are cleaned with disinfectant between stays. Social distancing measures are in place; staigers at the property wear personal protective equipment; guests are provided with hand sanitizer. The hotel is located in Praia do Forte Rua Barbosa, 708 Rua Constantin Menelau, 48, in the city of Praia de Contorno. For more information, visit oásiscabofrio.com. Brazilian consulate can be contacted at (800) 615-4157. For additional information on the Oáticas CaboFrio Hotel, visit www.oáticacabofrio.com/. For more about the Vereador Antonio Ferreira dos Santo, visit vereador.com/vereadores Santo. For other properties in Brazil, visit http://www.veredoresantosantos.org.
Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved booking +966554400000.
