Pousada do mendes is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil. The inn has rooms for 2 adults and 0 children. No reviews yet Search New to Booking.com PousadaDoMendes.com. We Price Match No review score yet... We need at least 1 review before we can calculate a review score. If you book and review your stay, you can help us meet this goal. Show on map PousADA do Mendes Rua do Hospital Municipal, 38, CaboFrio, Brazil – Show map Reserve your inn stay
Pousada do mendes features a garden, restaurant, bar, and free WiFi throughout the property. The property is around 4.1 miles from Municipal Theater, 4.2 miles from Surf Museum and 4.5 miles from Water Square. The nearest airport is Cabo Frio International Airport, 6.8 miles from PousadaDoMendes. A buffet breakfast is available daily at the inn, and each room is equipped with a desk, a flat-screen TV, a private bathroom, bed linen and towels. We Price Match Select dates to see this property's availability and prices. Be one of the first to add this property to your travel list. Save the property by reserving your room at PousADADoMentes now. Be the first person to check out the property and sign up for email updates.
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to accommodations type. There's no age requirement for check-in No age restriction Pets are allowed. Swimming pool View Parking Spa Outdoors No parking available. Sauna Garden Languages Spoken Room Amenities English Clothes rack Spanish Portuguese See availability House rules Pousada do mendes takes special requests – add in the next step! From 2:00 PM to 6:00pm Check-in From 10:00 AM to 12:00PM Check-out Cancellation/ to your preferred room. prepayments Child policies Children & Beds Children of all ages are welcome. To see correct prices and occupancy info, add the number and ages of children in your group to your search. Crib and extra bed policies Cribs and extra beds aren't available at this property. Cash is not accepted payment methods. Pets Accepted Cash is also not accepted for payment methods at this hotel. The property is smoke-free.
Pousada do mendes does not accommodate bachelor(ette) or similar parties. The property is located in the center of Cabo Frio, in the southern part of the Cabo Grande region of the Costa del Sol. The hotel is available for guests on a first-come, first-served basis. For more information, or to book a room, visit the hotel's website.
