Residencial Casa Verde is located in the Brazilian state of Rua Dez de Dezembro, 819 miles from the city of Rio de Janeiro. The property is one of the oldest in the state, dating back to the 17th century. It is located on the banks of the Rio Grande River. The site is located near the town of Gramado, in the central part of the country. The town is known as the "Heart of Brazil"
Located in Gramado, Residencial Casa Verde is within a 15-minute drive of Snowland Park and Mini Mundo. This apartment is 6.1 mi (9.8 km) from Gramado Covered Street. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on Ravanello Winery. Government-issued photo identication and a credit card, Rooms debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check-in for Make yourself at home in one of the 2 air-conditioned rooms incidental charges featuring kitchens with refrigerators and stovetops. Flat-screen Special requests are subject to availability and may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be guaranteed. Free self parking is available onsite. Host has not indicated whether there is a carbon monoxide. detector on the property; consider bringing a portable complimentary wireless internet access and barbecue grills with you on the trip. Please note that cultural norms and guest policies may di er by country and by property; the policies listed are provided by. property policy. Back to Mail Online home.back to the page you came from. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for more information on this and other properties in the region. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org for details. In the U.S. call the National Suicide Prevention Line on 1-800-273-8255 or visit www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org. For information on how to book a holiday in Brazil, go to: http://www.nhs.uk/visit/Portuguese/Portugal/São-Borrego-Algarve/Porto-Bosnia-Terceira/Portos-Bolivia-Mareiro-Porto.
There is no front desk at this property. Guests must contact the property for check-in instructions. A nightly tourism fee of BRL 2 is collected at the property. One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. A tax is imposed by the city: BRL 3.13 per accommodation, per night Cleaning fee: B RL 50 per accommodation,. per stay We have included all charges provided to us by the property, including all fees provided by us. Similar properties: Wyndham Gramado Termas Resort & Chales da Serra Gaucha, Spa Linha Marcondes, 902 Est Municipal Linha Ávila 801. The fee does not apply to residents of Gramado, Brazil. For more details, please contact theproperty using the information on the booking con rmation. the property ﺔﯿﺮﻌﻟا Retrieve my Check-in Special Instructions. To make arrangements for booking +966554400000 check- in please contact the property at least 72 hours before arrival using the info on the bookings page. For international travels to Brazil, if just one of the parents is traveling with the child, she/he must present – in addition to the child's certificate of birth and identity card with photo – a letter authorizing the trip.
Residencial Casa Verde Gramado 03 Pousada La Vista Hotel Refugio da Montanha Rua Dez de Dezembro 817 Linha Tapera, 3800 Rua Leopoldo Rosenfeld, 150. Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved. Retrieve my Fetching prices.
