Hostel Soul do Mar offers in the city of 'Cabo Frio' (Brazil) 2 adults · 0 children · 1 unit Overview Information and prices Facilities Home order Find out more No reviews yet Search ! We're sorry, but this property cannot currently accept reservations on our site. Don't worry, you can find many other facilities nearby here. No rating yet... We need at least 1 review to calculate the average rating. By booking accommodation and then rating it,you can help Hostel SoulDoMar reach the required number of reviews. New facility on Booking.com HostelSoulDoMar 527 Rua José Bonifácio, Cabo Frio, CEP 28907-110, Brazil.
Hostel Soul do Mar is one of the
Hostel Soul do Mar features a shared lounge, non-smoking rooms, free WiFi throughout the property and a bar. The property is set 2 km from Dunes Park, 3.3 km from Municipal Estadium Alair Correia and 7.7 km from Japanese Island. All air-conditioned units at the hostel come with a fridge, a microwave, a coffee machine, a shower, a hairdryer, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and Game console. Guests at the accommodation can enjoy an à la carte breakfast. You can play billiards at HostelSoul do Mar, and bike hire is available. Popular points of interest near the hostels include Municipal Theater, Surf Museum and Water Square. The nearest airport is Cabo Frio International Airport, 7 km from Hostel SoulDoMar. The accommodation offers karaoke and a shared kitchen. All rooms are fitted with a private bathroom and bed linen, and there is a shared bathroom with a shower and a hair dryer. The hostel is located in CaboFrio and with Praia do Forte reachable within less than 1 km, it is easy to get to from the airport by foot or by bike. For more information on the accommodation, visit hostelSouldoMar.com. For information about the bar, visit the bar Doručak Raspoloživost, or go to www.dručak.com/raspolo ivost or go to http://www.droukolica.com/. For more info on the restaurant, visit drukolice.co.uk/kuhinja/kahinja.
Pets are allowed on request and additional costs are possible. Internet access is available in the entire facility, there is a Portuguese playroom and there is no charge. In this facility it is not possible to hold stag, hen and similar parties. This accommodation is managed by a professional host. This label is not relevant for taxes, including VAT and other "indirect taxes", but is mandatory under EU consumer protection laws. The facility does not accept cash Accepted payment methods Find out more Show availability Information that guests in this accommodation facility should know. Hostel Soul do Mar accepts special requests - add a request in the next step! From 14:00 to 22:00 Check-in From 08:000 to 12:000 Check-out Cancellation and prepayment conditions depend on the type of unit. Please enter the dates of your stay and check the rules related to the room you have Cancelled/selected. advance payment Rules for children's stay Children and beds Children of all ages can stay in the facility. No children's beds or extra beds are available. There is no age limit for registration. On request, pets are allowed and additional cost are possible, but the facility doesn't accept cash. The accommodation is not available for overnight stays. It is possible to stay in one of the rooms for up to three nights.
Most frequently asked questions about Hostel. What are the check-in and check-out times at Hostel Soul do Mar? How far is HostelSoul do Mar from the center of 'Cabo Frio'? How much does it cost to stay athostelSouldoMar?
