Soul do Mar Hostel (Hostel) is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The hostel has a reputation for being a good value for the money. Guests have rated the hostel 8.3/10 on a scale of 1-10. There are many other facilities in the same area as Soul do Mar hostel. For more information on the hostels in Brazil, visit: http://www.souldomarhostel.com/cabo-frio-home-hotel-cobo-frio-roio-de-rio.html. For other hostel information on Brazil, see: http:/www.cabofriobio.com/. For more hostel news, visit http: /www.safton.co.uk/news/index.php?title=Soul-Do-Mar-Hostel-(Hostel), Cabo-Frio-Home-Hotel-Cabo-Frio-Rio-De-rios-Brazil-Cobo- Frio-Brazil. for more information, visithttp:/ www.sola-do-mar-hostel- (hostel) Cabo Frio Home Hotel All hostels Brazil Rio De Janeiro CaboFrio Check-in date — Check-out date See what guests liked best: O ers for Soul do-Mar Hostel.
Soul do Mar Hostel offers beachfront accommodation less than 1 km from Praia do Forte. The property scores highly for providing evening entertainment and a shared kitchen. The rooms are fitted with air conditioning, and some units at Soul do Mar hostel have a balcony. Guests at the accommodation can enjoy a buffet breakfast, and there is free WiFi throughout the property. You can play billiards at the hostel, and the area is popular for cycling. Air conditioning kettle tea/coffee machine in all rooms Bar Good breakfast Availability We refund price differences Select dates to see prices and availability of this facility. Book now Gallery close 녆 Excellent 8.3 639 reviews You are entitled to a Genius discount at SoulDoMar Hostel! To save on this facility, just log in. position: 9.3! Breakfast information At theHostel, the rooms include a wardrobe. At the Hostel,The rooms include an air-conditioning unit in each room, and a balcony in each unit, and all rooms have bed linen.
Soul do Mar Hostel has 639 reviews on TripAdvisor. The hostel is located near the beach in Sirlene, Brazil. The location is central to shops and restaurants and very close to the beach. The staff are very friendly and were able to arrange a good value boat tour for us. There is free WiFi connection and family rooms available Barbecue Rooms/facilities for disabled guests Air conditioning kettle tea / coffee machine in all rooms Bar Good breakfast Bathroom Outdoor spaces Kitchen Toilet paper Picnic area Shared kitchen Towels/sheets available at Outdoor furniture Toaster payment Beach front Stovetop WC Outdoor dining area Oven Shower Sun terrace Cooking utensils Bedroom Barbecue Kitchen Terrace Microwave Oven Linen Refrigerator Wardrobe or closet. See availability 8.3 Excellent · 639 Reviews Categories: Staff 9.0 Services 8.2 Cleanliness 8. 2 Comfort 8.1 Value for money 8.7 Location 9.3 Free WiFi 8.8 Select topics to read reviews: Location Bed Breakfast Kitchen Shower See what guests liked most: Danilo from Sweden United Kingdom Brazil.
Soul do Mar Hostel accepts special requests. Enter the dates of your stay and Cancellation / check the conditions of the chosen room. The conditions relating to cancellation and prepayment vary depending on the type of accommodation. The minimum age to check in is 18 years old. Pets not allowed. Animals are not allowed on the property. Cots and rollaway beds cannot be added to this property. It is not possible to add extra beds in this property, as there is no room for them. Children of all ages are welcome. Add them in the next step! From 2:00pm to 10.00pm Arrival From 7.00am to 12.00 noon Departure. From 2.30pm to 8.00 pm Arrival from 9.30am to 11.00 am. From 9.45am to 9.15am and from 11.15pm to 11:30am. For more information, or to book a room, visit souldomarhostel.co.uk or call 020 3615 4157. The hostel's website is www.souldomar Hostel.com. Its Facebook page is: www.facebook.com/SoulDoMarHostel. Its Twitter feed is: @soul do MarHostel, and its Instagram account is: http://www.instagram.com/. It is also possible to tweet from the hostel and post a picture of yourself to your followers.
This property is managed by a professional host. This label has no relevance in fiscal terms, including VAT and other “indirect taxes”, but is mandatory under EU consumer protection rules. The property may apply different conditions and supplements to bookings of more than 3 rooms. Groups Cash Accepted payment methods Legal Information. You will find more information about the host here: see host data. How far is Soul do Mar from the center of Cabo Frio? What are the check-in and check-out times atSoul do Mar Hostel?
