Villa Solarium Pousada R Bijupira 30 is located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The property is one of the most luxurious in the city, with rooms ranging from 1 to 4. The villa is located on the banks of the Amazon River, with views of the city and the surrounding countryside. The village is about 30 minutes from the city of CaboFrio, the capital of Brazil.
Villa Solarium Pousada in Cabo Frio (Ogiva) is a family-friendly pousada 4.1 mi (6.6 km) from Forte Beach. The property accepts credit cards, debit cards, and cash. Free self parking is available onsite. A complimentary buet breakfast is served daily from 8:00 AM to incidental charges 10:00am. Extra-person charges may apply and vary depending on depending on the distance from check-in to check-out. Government-issued photo identication and a credit card, Dining debit card, or cash deposit may be required at check- in for a stay at this property. Special requests are subject to availability upon check-In and may incur additional charges; special requests cannot be Rooms guaranteed. The front desk stausterity will greet guests on arrival. Business, and other amenities include free self parking, free Wi-Fi, and an arcade/game room. The hotel is located on the banks of the Itajuru Canal and is within a 5-minute drive of Check-in Instructions Rua dos Biquínis. It is a 4-minute walk from the beach and 11.2 mi (18km) from Geriba Beach. There is a complimentary wireless Internet access and a smoke detector at the front desk. There are minibars in the rooms. Bathrooms with showers are provided. For more information, or to book a stay, call +966554400000 or visit www.villasolariumpousada.com/cabo-frio-ogiva-cabo- Frio-o-frio-casa-fria-os-mestre. For. more information about this property, visit the property's website or visit the Villa Solarium website or the VillaSolarium website. The villa is located at the intersection of Conchas and Geriba Beaches.
One child 5 years old or younger stays free when occupying the parent or guardian's room, using existing bedding. No pets and no service animals are allowed at this property. Each guestroom is kept vacant for a minimum of 24 hours between bookings, and can be accessed from outside the building via exterior corridors. Social distancing measures are in place; guests are provided with hand sanitizer; cashless payment methods are available. Individually-wrapped food options are available for breakfast. Hotel Solar do Arco Malibu Palace Hotel Pousada Estalage Rua Constantin Menelau, 48 Avenida Do Contorno, 900, Praia do Forte Rua Cherne, 19. Hotel Boutique Recanto da Passagem Hotel Premium Recanto Da PassagEM Residencial Portoveleiro, 19 Avenida do Contorno,. 900. See rooms See rooms. Hotel Solar Do Arco Malibu Palace Hotel, 19 Avenida Do Contorno. Visit hotels.com.br/malibu-palace-hotel-pousada-estalage-rua-constantin-menelau.html for more information. The hotel Pousada Estalage Rua Constantin Menelau is located in the city of Contorno in the state of Mato Grosso.
Rua Constantino Menelau 39 Rua Domingos Ribeiro, 73 Av. Dos Espadartes, 129 - Ogiva booking +966554400000 Fetching prices. See rooms See rooms see rooms View more properties Call us at:+966112199500 © 2024Almosafer. All Rights Reserved.
